recipe/a_little_thyme_off.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders]
title: "A Little Thyme Off"
permalink: "/recipe/a_little_thyme_off/"
iconfile: a_little_thyme_off
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Lemon, Thyme Simple Syrup, Ginger Beer"
youtube: "ZE3G8aUyOn0"
excerpt: |
  The A Little Thyme Off cocktail is a refreshing and herbaceous drink that uses a thyme-infused simple syrup as its key ingredient. The syrup adds a subtle, savory flavor to the cocktail, which is then balanced by the tartness of lemon juice and the effervescence of ginger beer.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                   | Brand      |
| --------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
|      1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                            |
|      1 oz | [Thyme-Infused Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/thyme_syrup.md%}) |
| 4 to 5 oz | Ginger Beer                                                  | Fever Tree |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Thyme sprigs & lemon wheel
- Special Prep: Add the lemon juice and thyme-infused simple syrup to the shaker tin with ice. Give it a quick shake and double strain into the glass. Add ice. Fill remainder of the glass with ginger beer.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/a_little_thyme_off.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders]
title: "A Little Thyme Off"
permalink: "/recipe/a_little_thyme_off/"
iconfile: a_little_thyme_off
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Lemon, Thyme Simple Syrup, Ginger Beer"
youtube: "ZE3G8aUyOn0"
description: "A refreshing and herbaceous non-alcoholic cocktail featuring a thyme-infused simple syrup balanced with lemon and ginger beer."
excerpt: |
  The A Little Thyme Off cocktail is a refreshing and herbaceous drink that uses a thyme-infused simple syrup as its key ingredient. The syrup adds a subtle, savory flavor to the cocktail, which is then balanced by the tartness of lemon juice and the effervescence of ginger beer.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                   | Brand      |
| --------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
|      1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                            |
|      1 oz | [Thyme-Infused Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/thyme_syrup.md%}) |
| 4 to 5 oz | Ginger Beer                                                  | Fever Tree |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Thyme sprigs & lemon wheel
- Special Prep: Add the lemon juice and thyme-infused simple syrup to the shaker tin with ice. Give it a quick shake and double strain into the glass. Add ice. Fill remainder of the glass with ginger beer.
