recipe/absinthe_frappe.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Absinthe Frappé"
categories: [frappe_swizzle]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/absinthe_frappe/"
iconfile: absinthe_frappe
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Absinthe"
youtube: "g4_hKcbMLL4"
excerpt: |
  This classic cocktail is herbaceous and refreshing thanks to its base spirit, anisette, soda water, crushed ice, and a mint garnish.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| 2 wedges | Lemon                                                     |
|   0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|     1 oz | Absinthe                                                  | St. George Verte |
|     1 oz | Sparkling Mineral Water                                   | Topo Chico       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour:
  - Open Pour
  - Single Strain
- Glassware:
  - Frappé Glass
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint sprig
- Special Prep:
  1. Cut the quarter lemon into 2 wedges and remove the center pith and de-seed.
  1. Squeeze the juice into the tin, then drop the lemon wedges into the tin.
  1. Add the remaining ingredients and shake.
  1. Hawthorn strain the cocktail into the cheater tin.
  1. Then strain the cocktail into the glass filled with crushed ice

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/absinthe_frappe.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Absinthe Frappé"
categories: [frappe_swizzle]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/absinthe_frappe/"
iconfile: absinthe_frappe
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Absinthe"
youtube: "g4_hKcbMLL4"
description: "A classic and refreshing frappé built around the distinct anise and herbal flavors of absinthe."
excerpt: |
  This classic cocktail is herbaceous and refreshing thanks to its base spirit, anisette, soda water, crushed ice, and a mint garnish.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| 2 wedges | Lemon                                                     |
|   0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|     1 oz | Absinthe                                                  | St. George Verte |
|     1 oz | Sparkling Mineral Water                                   | Topo Chico       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour:
  - Open Pour
  - Single Strain
- Glassware:
  - Frappé Glass
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint sprig
- Special Prep:
  1. Cut the quarter lemon into 2 wedges and remove the center pith and de-seed.
  1. Squeeze the juice into the tin, then drop the lemon wedges into the tin.
  1. Add the remaining ingredients and shake.
  1. Hawthorn strain the cocktail into the cheater tin.
  1. Then strain the cocktail into the glass filled with crushed ice
