recipe/applejack_rabbit.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Applejack Rabbit"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/applejack_rabbit/"
iconfile: applejack_rabbit
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy"
youtube: "9OxlSOioD_k"
excerpt: |
  The Apple Jack Rabbit appears in Harry Craddock's 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i> and in David A. Embury's 1948 <i>The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks</i> where he tells us "<i>This drink is also sometimes, for no reason at all, called the Applejack Dynamite. The same cocktail made with a gin base plus a dash of Angostura is called the Old Vermont.</i>"
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient              | Brand                                         |
| ------: | ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Apple Brandy            | Laird’s Straight Apple Brandy Bottled in Bond |
| 0.5 oz. | Fresh Orange Juice      |
| 0.5 oz. | Fresh Lemon Juice       |
| 0.5 oz. | Pure Maple Syrup (Dark) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick &amp; Nora
- Garnish: Dehydrated orange wheel
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/applejack_rabbit.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Applejack Rabbit"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/applejack_rabbit/"
iconfile: applejack_rabbit
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy"
youtube: "9OxlSOioD_k"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era sour that highlights the robust character of apple brandy with citrus and maple syrup."
excerpt: |
  The Apple Jack Rabbit appears in Harry Craddock's 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i> and in David A. Embury's 1948 <i>The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks</i> where he tells us "<i>This drink is also sometimes, for no reason at all, called the Applejack Dynamite. The same cocktail made with a gin base plus a dash of Angostura is called the Old Vermont.</i>"
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient              | Brand                                         |
| ------: | ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Apple Brandy            | Laird’s Straight Apple Brandy Bottled in Bond |
| 0.5 oz. | Fresh Orange Juice      |
| 0.5 oz. | Fresh Lemon Juice       |
| 0.5 oz. | Pure Maple Syrup (Dark) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick &amp; Nora
- Garnish: Dehydrated orange wheel
- Special Prep: None
