recipe/bay_roc_special.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Jasper LeFranc
title: "Bay Roc Special"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bay_roc_special/"
iconfile: bay_roc_special
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Drambuie"
youtube: "sRTGCquUgMs"
excerpt: |
  The Bay Roc Special is a classic cocktail created by Jasper LeFranc at the Bay Roc Hotel in Jamaica in 1972. It's a powerful libation with a balance of spice, honey, and rum.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                     | Brand                              |
| ------: | ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Jamaican Rum                                   | Appleton Estate 12 year Rare Casks |
|  0.5 oz | Drambuie                                       | Drambuie                           |
| 0.75 oz | [Jasper’s Mix]({%link recipe/jaspers_mix.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/bay_roc_special.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Jasper LeFranc
title: "Bay Roc Special"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bay_roc_special/"
iconfile: bay_roc_special
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Drambuie"
youtube: "sRTGCquUgMs"
description: "A classic cocktail from Jamaica that balances the spice and honey notes of Drambuie with Jamaican rum."
excerpt: |
  The Bay Roc Special is a classic cocktail created by Jasper LeFranc at the Bay Roc Hotel in Jamaica in 1972. It's a powerful libation with a balance of spice, honey, and rum.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                     | Brand                              |
| ------: | ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Jamaican Rum                                   | Appleton Estate 12 year Rare Casks |
|  0.5 oz | Drambuie                                       | Drambuie                           |
| 0.75 oz | [Jasper’s Mix]({%link recipe/jaspers_mix.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None
