recipe/black_rose.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Black Rose"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/black_rose/"
iconfile: black_rose
stars: 2
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Cognac"
youtube: "YwHw259XAOU"
excerpt: |
  The Black Rose cocktail is a classic drink that combines the flavors of bourbon, cognac, grenadine, and bitters.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Bourbon                                         | Elijah Craig Small Batch   |
|     1 oz | Cognac                                          | Maison Rouge VSOP          |
|  0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 3 dashes | Bitters                                         | Peychaud’s                 |
|   1 dash | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/black_rose.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Black Rose"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/black_rose/"
iconfile: black_rose
stars: 2
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Cognac"
youtube: "YwHw259XAOU"
description: "A classic cocktail that combines the rich flavors of bourbon and cognac with sweet grenadine and bitters."
excerpt: |
  The Black Rose cocktail is a classic drink that combines the flavors of bourbon, cognac, grenadine, and bitters.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Bourbon                                         | Elijah Craig Small Batch   |
|     1 oz | Cognac                                          | Maison Rouge VSOP          |
|  0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 3 dashes | Bitters                                         | Peychaud’s                 |
|   1 dash | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil
- Special Prep: None
