recipe/black_eyed_susan.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Black-Eyed Susan"
categories: [highball]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/black_eyed_susan/"
iconfile: black_eyed_susan
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Vodka"
youtube: "1V0-c6u4xJA"
excerpt: |
  Each of the Triple Crown races has its own official drink. The iconic mint julep always accompanies the Kentucky Derby, the Belmont Stakes has the Belmont jewel, and the Preakness Stakes' official drink is the black-eyed Susan. Named after the Maryland state flower and first created in 1973, it's a refreshing cocktail that anyone can make at home.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|     1 oz | Bourbon                                                   | Old Grand-Dad    |
|     1 oz | Vodka                                                     | Finlandia        |
|   0.5 oz | Peach Liqueur                                             | Rothman & Winter |
|     3 oz | Orange Juice                                              |
|  0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 swaths | Orange Peel                                               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Orange wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/black_eyed_susan.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Black-Eyed Susan"
categories: [highball]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/black_eyed_susan/"
iconfile: black_eyed_susan
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Vodka"
youtube: "1V0-c6u4xJA"
description: "The official drink of the Preakness Stakes, this is a refreshing highball combining bourbon and vodka with citrus and pineapple."
excerpt: |
  Each of the Triple Crown races has its own official drink. The iconic mint julep always accompanies the Kentucky Derby, the Belmont Stakes has the Belmont jewel, and the Preakness Stakes' official drink is the black-eyed Susan. Named after the Maryland state flower and first created in 1973, it's a refreshing cocktail that anyone can make at home.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|     1 oz | Bourbon                                                   | Old Grand-Dad    |
|     1 oz | Vodka                                                     | Finlandia        |
|   0.5 oz | Peach Liqueur                                             | Rothman & Winter |
|     3 oz | Orange Juice                                              |
|  0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 swaths | Orange Peel                                               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Orange wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None
