recipe/blood_and_sand.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Blood and Sand"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/blood_and_sand/"
iconfile: blood_and_sand
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Blended Scotch, Cherry Liqueur "
youtube: "r50WUk960qI"
excerpt: |
  The Blood and Sand is a classic scotch cocktail dating back to at least 1930. It includes cherry liqueur, sweet vermouth and orange juice.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                     |
| ------: | ------------------ | ------------------------- |
| 0.75 oz | Blended Scotch     | Monkey Shoulder           |
| 0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth     | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |
| 0.75 oz | Cherry Liqueur     | Cherry Heering            |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Orange Juice |
| 1 swath | Orange Peel        |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Single Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange slice and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Express the orange oil from the peel into the shaker and ad peel. Add all other ingredients and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/blood_and_sand.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Blood and Sand"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/blood_and_sand/"
iconfile: blood_and_sand
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Blended Scotch, Cherry Liqueur "
youtube: "r50WUk960qI"
description: "A classic Scotch cocktail from the 1930s that uniquely combines whisky with cherry liqueur, sweet vermouth, and orange juice."
excerpt: |
  The Blood and Sand is a classic scotch cocktail dating back to at least 1930. It includes cherry liqueur, sweet vermouth and orange juice.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                     |
| ------: | ------------------ | ------------------------- |
| 0.75 oz | Blended Scotch     | Monkey Shoulder           |
| 0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth     | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |
| 0.75 oz | Cherry Liqueur     | Cherry Heering            |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Orange Juice |
| 1 swath | Orange Peel        |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Single Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange slice and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Express the orange oil from the peel into the shaker and ad peel. Add all other ingredients and shake.
