recipe/bloody_mary.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: John Mahnke
title: "John's Bloody Mary"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bloody_mary/"
iconfile: bloody_mary
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Vodka"
youtube: ""
excerpt: |
  The Bloody Mary was invented in the 1920s or 1930s. There are various theories as to the origin of the drink and its name. It has many variants, most notably the Red Snapper, Bloody Maria (made with tequila blanco), and the Virgin Mary.
---

### Ingredients

|       Amount | Ingredient           | Brand         |
| -----------: | -------------------- | ------------- |
|         2 oz | Vodka                | Tito's        |
|         4 oz | Tomato Juice         |
|      0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice    |
|       0.5 oz | Celery Salt          |
|       0.5 oz | Tajin Clasico        | Tajin         |
|       0.5 oz | Black Pepper         |
|   1 teaspoon | Hot Sauce            | Tabasco       |
| 1 tablespoon | Horseradish          |
| 1 tablespoon | Worcestershire Sauce | Lea & Perrins |
|     5 dashes | Celery Bitters       | Fee Brothers  |

### Notes

- Method: Rolled between two pint plasses
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - Pint
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon twist, Brussels sprouts, green beans, olives or the more traditional stalk of celery
- Special Prep: Add a sidecar of American lager.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/bloody_mary.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: John Mahnke
title: "John's Bloody Mary"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bloody_mary/"
iconfile: bloody_mary
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Vodka"
youtube: ""
description: "A classic savory cocktail from the 1920s, featuring vodka and tomato juice with a complex blend of spices."
excerpt: |
  The Bloody Mary was invented in the 1920s or 1930s. There are various theories as to the origin of the drink and its name. It has many variants, most notably the Red Snapper, Bloody Maria (made with tequila blanco), and the Virgin Mary.
---

### Ingredients

|       Amount | Ingredient           | Brand         |
| -----------: | -------------------- | ------------- |
|         2 oz | Vodka                | Tito's        |
|         4 oz | Tomato Juice         |
|      0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice    |
|       0.5 oz | Celery Salt          |
|       0.5 oz | Tajin Clasico        | Tajin         |
|       0.5 oz | Black Pepper         |
|   1 teaspoon | Hot Sauce            | Tabasco       |
| 1 tablespoon | Horseradish          |
| 1 tablespoon | Worcestershire Sauce | Lea & Perrins |
|     5 dashes | Celery Bitters       | Fee Brothers  |

### Notes

- Method: Rolled between two pint plasses
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - Pint
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon twist, Brussels sprouts, green beans, olives or the more traditional stalk of celery
- Special Prep: Add a sidecar of American lager.
