recipe/blueberry_thyme_smash.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Blueberry Thyme Smash"
categories: [smash]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/blueberry_thyme_smash/"
iconfile: blueberry_thyme_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin"
youtube: "3i4QnRLlPFc&t=220s"
excerpt: |
  This cocktail is a simple concoction of gin, lemon, blueberries, and thyme.
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand        |
| -------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
|           2 oz | Gin                                                       | The Botanist |
|        0.75 oz | [Semi-rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|      0.5 whole | Lemon                                                     |
| 10 to 15 whole | Blueberries                                               |
|  4 to 6 sprigs | Thyme                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Blueberries & bundle of thyme Special
- Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces, blueberries and simple syrup into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/blueberry_thyme_smash.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Blueberry Thyme Smash"
categories: [smash]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/blueberry_thyme_smash/"
iconfile: blueberry_thyme_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin"
youtube: "3i4QnRLlPFc&t=220s"
description: "A simple and refreshing smash that combines gin with the fruity notes of blueberries and the herbal character of thyme."
excerpt: |
  This cocktail is a simple concoction of gin, lemon, blueberries, and thyme.
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand        |
| -------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
|           2 oz | Gin                                                       | The Botanist |
|        0.75 oz | [Semi-rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|      0.5 whole | Lemon                                                     |
| 10 to 15 whole | Blueberries                                               |
|  4 to 6 sprigs | Thyme                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Blueberries & bundle of thyme Special
- Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces, blueberries and simple syrup into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.
