recipe/bourbon_renewal.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Bourbon Renewal"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_renewal/"
iconfile: bourbon_renewal
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Crème de Cassis "
youtube: "8WVlMjEGma4"
excerpt: |
  The Bourbon Renewal is a refreshing and balanced cocktail that is perfect for any occasion. It is also a great way to showcase your favorite bourbon.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| ------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|          2 oz | Bourbon                                                   | Buffalo Trace              |
|        0.5 oz | Crème de Cassis                                           | Jules Theuriet de Dijon    |
|          1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|       0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 to 2 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Lemon wheel for garnish
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/bourbon_renewal.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Bourbon Renewal"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_renewal/"
iconfile: bourbon_renewal
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Crème de Cassis "
youtube: "8WVlMjEGma4"
description: "A modern classic sour that pairs the sweetness of bourbon with the rich, dark fruit flavor of crème de cassis."
excerpt: |
  The Bourbon Renewal is a refreshing and balanced cocktail that is perfect for any occasion. It is also a great way to showcase your favorite bourbon.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| ------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|          2 oz | Bourbon                                                   | Buffalo Trace              |
|        0.5 oz | Crème de Cassis                                           | Jules Theuriet de Dijon    |
|          1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|       0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 to 2 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Lemon wheel for garnish
- Special Prep: None
