recipe/bourbon_lift.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Erik Adkins
title: "Bourbon Lift"
categories: [coffee, fizz]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_lift/"
iconfile: bourbon_lift
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "zCDgzuTYKBU"
excerpt: |
  It was created by San Francisco bartender Erik Adkins who helms the bar at Hard Water, his most recent of many stints in the bay city. The Bourbon Lift is a playful, nostalgic drink that's hard to put down, and not because it might float away on a fluffy cloud
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                | Brand                         |
| -----: | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| 1.5 oz | Bourbon                                   | Woodford Reserve Double Oaked |
| 0.5 oz | Coffee Liqueur                            | St. George NOLA               |
| 0.5 oz | [Orgeat]({%link recipe/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.5 oz | Heavy Cream                               |
|   3 oz | Soda Water                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: High Ball
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass. Top with soda water in two stages. The top will rise above the top of the glass, similar to a Ramos Gin Fizz.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/bourbon_lift.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Erik Adkins
title: "Bourbon Lift"
categories: [coffee, fizz]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_lift/"
iconfile: bourbon_lift
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "zCDgzuTYKBU"
description: "A playful and nostalgic modern fizz that combines bourbon and coffee liqueur with orgeat and cream."
excerpt: |
  It was created by San Francisco bartender Erik Adkins who helms the bar at Hard Water, his most recent of many stints in the bay city. The Bourbon Lift is a playful, nostalgic drink that's hard to put down, and not because it might float away on a fluffy cloud
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                | Brand                         |
| -----: | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| 1.5 oz | Bourbon                                   | Woodford Reserve Double Oaked |
| 0.5 oz | Coffee Liqueur                            | St. George NOLA               |
| 0.5 oz | [Orgeat]({%link recipe/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.5 oz | Heavy Cream                               |
|   3 oz | Soda Water                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: High Ball
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass. Top with soda water in two stages. The top will rise above the top of the glass, similar to a Ramos Gin Fizz.
