recipe/bourbon_blackberry_smash.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Bourbon Blackberry Smash"
categories: [smash]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_blackberry_smash/"
iconfile: bourbon_blackberry_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon"
youtube: "3i4QnRLlPFc&t=220s"
excerpt: |
  The Blackberry Bourbon Smash is made with fresh muddled lime, blackberries, and mint mixed with bourbon and topped with soda water.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient   | Brand                    |
| ------------: | ------------ | ------------------------ |
|          2 oz | Bourbon      | Elijah Craig Small Batch |
|       0.75 oz | Maple Syrup  |
|     0.5 whole | Lemon        |
|       4 whole | Blackberries |
| 6 to 8 leaves | Mint         |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Blackberry & mint sprig
- Special Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces, blackberries and maple syrup into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/bourbon_blackberry_smash.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Bourbon Blackberry Smash"
categories: [smash]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_blackberry_smash/"
iconfile: bourbon_blackberry_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon"
youtube: "3i4QnRLlPFc&t=220s"
description: "A refreshing smash made with fresh muddled lime, blackberries, and mint mixed with bourbon and topped with soda water."
excerpt: |
  The Blackberry Bourbon Smash is made with fresh muddled lime, blackberries, and mint mixed with bourbon and topped with soda water.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient   | Brand                    |
| ------------: | ------------ | ------------------------ |
|          2 oz | Bourbon      | Elijah Craig Small Batch |
|       0.75 oz | Maple Syrup  |
|     0.5 whole | Lemon        |
|       4 whole | Blackberries |
| 6 to 8 leaves | Mint         |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Blackberry & mint sprig
- Special Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces, blackberries and maple syrup into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.
