recipe/brandy_crusta.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Brandy Crusta"
categories: [crusta]
eras: [new_orleans]
permalink: "/recipe/brandy_crusta/"
iconfile: brandy_crusta
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Cognac, Maraschino Liqueur"
youtube: "N0aPVPdLyQc"
excerpt: |
  The Brandy Crusta is one of the oldest classic cocktails on record and a liquid calling card of its hometown of New Orleans.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Cognac                                                    | Pierre Ferrand 1840        |
|  0.25 oz | Dry Curaçao                                               | Pierre Ferrand             |
|  0.25 oz | Maraschino Liqueur                                        | Luxardo                    |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Sugared rim & long lemon peel
- Special Prep: Heavily coat the outside of the glass with sugar. Wind the lemon peel around the inside of the glass.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/brandy_crusta.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Brandy Crusta"
categories: [crusta]
eras: [new_orleans]
permalink: "/recipe/brandy_crusta/"
iconfile: brandy_crusta
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Cognac, Maraschino Liqueur"
youtube: "N0aPVPdLyQc"
description: "One of the oldest classic cocktails from New Orleans, known for its distinctive sugared rim and long lemon peel garnish."
excerpt: |
  The Brandy Crusta is one of the oldest classic cocktails on record and a liquid calling card of its hometown of New Orleans.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Cognac                                                    | Pierre Ferrand 1840        |
|  0.25 oz | Dry Curaçao                                               | Pierre Ferrand             |
|  0.25 oz | Maraschino Liqueur                                        | Luxardo                    |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Sugared rim & long lemon peel
- Special Prep: Heavily coat the outside of the glass with sugar. Wind the lemon peel around the inside of the glass.
