recipe/brown_derby.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Brown Derby"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/brown_derby/"
iconfile: brown_derby
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon "
youtube: "79htbyQ8nDY&t=62s"
excerpt: |
  The Brown Derby cocktail, a classic bourbon, grapefruit, and honey drink, was named for the famous Los Angeles diner. It manages at once to be sweet, sour, and entirely delicious.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                    | Brand                                |
| -----: | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| 1.5 oz | Bourbon                                       | Still Austin "The Musician" Straight |
|   1 oz | Pink Grapefruit Juice                         |
| 0.5 oz | [Honey Syrup]({%link recipe/honey_syrup.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Grapefruit peel
- Special Prep: Expressed grapefruit oil

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Improved

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                    | Brand                                |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
|  1.5 oz | Bourbon                                       | Still Austin "The Musician" Straight |
|    1 oz | White Grapefruit Juice                        |
|  0.5 oz | [Honey Syrup]({%link recipe/honey_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                             |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Grapefruit peel
- Special Prep: Expressed grapefruit oil

</div>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/brown_derby.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Brown Derby"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/brown_derby/"
iconfile: brown_derby
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon "
youtube: "79htbyQ8nDY&t=62s"
description: "A classic Hollywood-era sour named for the famous Los Angeles diner, combining bourbon with grapefruit and honey."
excerpt: |
  The Brown Derby cocktail, a classic bourbon, grapefruit, and honey drink, was named for the famous Los Angeles diner. It manages at once to be sweet, sour, and entirely delicious.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                    | Brand                                |
| -----: | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| 1.5 oz | Bourbon                                       | Still Austin "The Musician" Straight |
|   1 oz | Pink Grapefruit Juice                         |
| 0.5 oz | [Honey Syrup]({%link recipe/honey_syrup.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Grapefruit peel
- Special Prep: Expressed grapefruit oil

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Improved

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                    | Brand                                |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
|  1.5 oz | Bourbon                                       | Still Austin "The Musician" Straight |
|    1 oz | White Grapefruit Juice                        |
|  0.5 oz | [Honey Syrup]({%link recipe/honey_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                             |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Grapefruit peel
- Special Prep: Expressed grapefruit oil

</div>
