recipe/cable_car.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Tony Abou-Ganim
title: "Cable Car"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/cable_car/"
iconfile: cable_car
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Spice Rum "
youtube: "iUGkl-AVgbI"
excerpt: |
  Created in 1996 by Tony Abou-Ganim at the Starlight Room, a nightclub and cocktail lounge atop San Francisco's Sir Francis Drake Hotel (now the Beacon Grand Hotel). The Nob Hill cable cars pass by the bar, hence its catchphrase, "between the stars and the cable cars," and this contemporary classic cocktail's name.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand          |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Spice Rum                                       | Koloa Kaua'i   |
| 0.75 oz | Dry Curaçao                                     | Pierre Ferrand |
|    1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | [Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Cinnamon sugar rim
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/cable_car.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Tony Abou-Ganim
title: "Cable Car"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/cable_car/"
iconfile: cable_car
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Spice Rum "
youtube: "iUGkl-AVgbI"
description: "A modern classic from 1996, this is a twist on the classic Sidecar featuring spiced rum."
excerpt: |
  Created in 1996 by Tony Abou-Ganim at the Starlight Room, a nightclub and cocktail lounge atop San Francisco's Sir Francis Drake Hotel (now the Beacon Grand Hotel). The Nob Hill cable cars pass by the bar, hence its catchphrase, "between the stars and the cable cars," and this contemporary classic cocktail's name.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand          |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Spice Rum                                       | Koloa Kaua'i   |
| 0.75 oz | Dry Curaçao                                     | Pierre Ferrand |
|    1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | [Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Cinnamon sugar rim
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil
