recipe/charlie_chaplin.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Charlie Chaplin"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/charlie_chaplin/"
iconfile: charlie_chaplin
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Sloe Gin, Apricot Liqueur"
youtube: "VqVJ10en-Uc"
excerpt: |
  Created and originally served at New York's old Waldorf-Astoria prior to 1920. This recipe is adapted from Albert Stevens Crockett's 1935 The Old Waldorf-Astoria Bar Book. The drink is named after Sir Charles Spencer 'Charlie' Chaplin (1889-1977), the English slapstick comic actor of the silent film era, who was at the height of his career when this eponymous cocktail was created.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                         |
| -----: | ---------------- | ----------------------------- |
|   1 oz | Sloe Gin         | Plymouth                      |
|   1 oz | Apricot Liqueur  | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon |
|   1 oz | Fresh Lime Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Dehydrated lime wheel
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/charlie_chaplin.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Charlie Chaplin"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/charlie_chaplin/"
iconfile: charlie_chaplin
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Sloe Gin, Apricot Liqueur"
youtube: "VqVJ10en-Uc"
description: "A pre-Prohibition sour named for the silent film star, featuring a simple and fruity combination of sloe gin and apricot liqueur."
excerpt: |
  Created and originally served at New York's old Waldorf-Astoria prior to 1920. This recipe is adapted from Albert Stevens Crockett's 1935 The Old Waldorf-Astoria Bar Book. The drink is named after Sir Charles Spencer 'Charlie' Chaplin (1889-1977), the English slapstick comic actor of the silent film era, who was at the height of his career when this eponymous cocktail was created.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                         |
| -----: | ---------------- | ----------------------------- |
|   1 oz | Sloe Gin         | Plymouth                      |
|   1 oz | Apricot Liqueur  | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon |
|   1 oz | Fresh Lime Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Dehydrated lime wheel
- Special Prep: None
