recipe/chartreuse_swizzle.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Marco Valdo Dionysus
title: "Chartreuse Swizzle"
eras: [modern]
categories: [frappe_swizzle]
permalink: "/recipe/chartreuse_swizzle/"
iconfile: chartreuse_swizzle
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Green Chartreuse"
youtube: "GiNen9YukD8"
excerpt: |
  The Chartreuse Swizzle is a refreshing and unique cocktail that blends the herbal sweetness of Chartreuse with the tropical flavors of pineapple and lime.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                        | Brand                   |
| ------: | --------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Green Chartreuse                  | Green Chartreuse        |
|  0.5 oz | Falernum                          | John D. Taylor's Velvet |
|    1 oz | Pineapple Juice                   |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                  |
| 0.25 oz | Optional - Overproof Jamaican Rum | Wray & Nephew White     |

### Notes

- Method: Swizzled
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Grated Nutmeg and a Mint Sprig
- Special Prep: Swizzle in the glass, and top with additional crushed ice.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/chartreuse_swizzle.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Marco Valdo Dionysus
title: "Chartreuse Swizzle"
eras: [modern]
categories: [frappe_swizzle]
permalink: "/recipe/chartreuse_swizzle/"
iconfile: chartreuse_swizzle
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Green Chartreuse"
youtube: "GiNen9YukD8"
description: "A refreshing and unique modern cocktail that blends the herbal sweetness of Green Chartreuse with tropical pineapple and lime."
excerpt: |
  The Chartreuse Swizzle is a refreshing and unique cocktail that blends the herbal sweetness of Chartreuse with the tropical flavors of pineapple and lime.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                        | Brand                   |
| ------: | --------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Green Chartreuse                  | Green Chartreuse        |
|  0.5 oz | Falernum                          | John D. Taylor's Velvet |
|    1 oz | Pineapple Juice                   |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                  |
| 0.25 oz | Optional - Overproof Jamaican Rum | Wray & Nephew White     |

### Notes

- Method: Swizzled
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Grated Nutmeg and a Mint Sprig
- Special Prep: Swizzle in the glass, and top with additional crushed ice.
