recipe/chrysanthemum.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Hugo R. Ensslin
title: "Chrysanthemum"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/chrysanthemum/"
iconfile: chrysanthemum
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bénédictine, Absinthe"
youtube: "ivuVwMUiQ_U"
excerpt: |
  Chrysanthemum appears in Hugo R. Ensslin's 1917 <i>Recipes for Mixed Drinks</i> (and may well have been in his 1916 First Edition).
  <br>
  <blockquote><strong>Chrysanthemum Cocktail</strong>
  <br>- 3 dashes Absinthe
  <br>- ½ Benedictine
  <br>- ½ French Vermouth
  <br>Stir well in a mixing glass with cracked ice, strain and serve with a twist of Orange Peel.
  <br><cite>Hugo R. Ensslin, 1917</cite>
  </blockquote>
  It then reappears in Harry Craddock's influential 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i> where Craddock says, "Well-known and very popular in the American Bar of the S.S. Europa.".
  <br>
  <blockquote><strong>Chrysanthemum Cocktail.*</strong>
  <br>- 3 Dashes Absinthe.
  <br>- 1/3 Bénédictine.
  <br>- 2/3 French Vermouth.
  <br>Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.  Squeeze orange peel on top.
  <br>* Well-known and very popular in the American Bar of the S.S. "Europa."
  <br><cite>Harry Craddock, 1930</cite></blockquote>
  This cocktail may be named after <i>The Chrysanthemum</i>, a 1904 piece by the famous ragtime composer and pianist Scott Joplin and released on record in 1916.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient   | Brand                          |
| -------: | ------------ | ------------------------------ |
|   1.5 oz | Dry Vermouth | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Dry |
|  0.75 oz | Bénédictine  | Bénédictine D.O.M.             |
| 3 dashes | Absinthe     | St. George Verte               |
|  1 swath | Orange Peel  |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange Peel
- Special Prep: Place the swath of orange peel in the mixing glass and stir it with the cocktail. This is called a regal stir, similar to the regal shake. Expressed orange oil over the top of the cocktail.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/chrysanthemum.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Hugo R. Ensslin
title: "Chrysanthemum"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/chrysanthemum/"
iconfile: chrysanthemum
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bénédictine, Absinthe"
youtube: "ivuVwMUiQ_U"
description: "A classic low-alcohol cocktail from the early 20th century that features Bénédictine and absinthe with a French vermouth base."
excerpt: |
  Chrysanthemum appears in Hugo R. Ensslin's 1917 <i>Recipes for Mixed Drinks</i> (and may well have been in his 1916 First Edition).
  <br>
  <blockquote><strong>Chrysanthemum Cocktail</strong>
  <br>- 3 dashes Absinthe
  <br>- ½ Benedictine
  <br>- ½ French Vermouth
  <br>Stir well in a mixing glass with cracked ice, strain and serve with a twist of Orange Peel.
  <br><cite>Hugo R. Ensslin, 1917</cite>
  </blockquote>
  It then reappears in Harry Craddock's influential 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i> where Craddock says, "Well-known and very popular in the American Bar of the S.S. Europa.".
  <br>
  <blockquote><strong>Chrysanthemum Cocktail.*</strong>
  <br>- 3 Dashes Absinthe.
  <br>- 1/3 Bénédictine.
  <br>- 2/3 French Vermouth.
  <br>Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.  Squeeze orange peel on top.
  <br>* Well-known and very popular in the American Bar of the S.S. "Europa."
  <br><cite>Harry Craddock, 1930</cite></blockquote>
  This cocktail may be named after <i>The Chrysanthemum</i>, a 1904 piece by the famous ragtime composer and pianist Scott Joplin and released on record in 1916.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient   | Brand                          |
| -------: | ------------ | ------------------------------ |
|   1.5 oz | Dry Vermouth | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Dry |
|  0.75 oz | Bénédictine  | Bénédictine D.O.M.             |
| 3 dashes | Absinthe     | St. George Verte               |
|  1 swath | Orange Peel  |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange Peel
- Special Prep: Place the swath of orange peel in the mixing glass and stir it with the cocktail. This is called a regal stir, similar to the regal shake. Expressed orange oil over the top of the cocktail.
