recipe/clover_club.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Clover Club"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/clover_club/"
iconfile: clover_club
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Gin "
youtube: "MfHv2EOLUOo&t=336s"
excerpt: |
  This pre-Prohibition classic is one of Philadelphia’s contributions to the cocktail world. It is a classic cocktail known for its sweet and tart flavor profile and its silky, frothy texture. It's a member of the sour family, but leans more towards sweetness than tartness. The pale pink liquid, delicate white foam head, and raspberry garnish make it visually appealing.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                            | Brand               |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Gin                                                   | Broker's London Dry |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                     |
|  0.5 oz | [Raspberry Syrup]({%link recipe/raspberry_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)             |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Raspberry
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/clover_club.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Clover Club"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/clover_club/"
iconfile: clover_club
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Gin "
youtube: "MfHv2EOLUOo&t=336s"
description: "A pre-Prohibition classic from Philadelphia known for its silky, frothy texture and beautiful pink hue from raspberry syrup."
excerpt: |
  This pre-Prohibition classic is one of Philadelphia’s contributions to the cocktail world. It is a classic cocktail known for its sweet and tart flavor profile and its silky, frothy texture. It's a member of the sour family, but leans more towards sweetness than tartness. The pale pink liquid, delicate white foam head, and raspberry garnish make it visually appealing.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                            | Brand               |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Gin                                                   | Broker's London Dry |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                     |
|  0.5 oz | [Raspberry Syrup]({%link recipe/raspberry_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)             |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Raspberry
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.
