recipe/clover_club2.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Clover Club 2.0"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/clover_club2/"
iconfile: clover_club2
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Gin "
youtube: "MkLZovhDN_k"
excerpt: |
  This pre-Prohibition classic is one of Philadelphia’s contributions to the cocktail world. It is a classic cocktail known for its sweet and tart flavor profile and its silky, frothy texture. It's a member of the sour family, but leans more towards sweetness than tartness. The pale pink liquid, delicate white foam head, and raspberry garnish make it visually appealing.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                            |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Gin                                                       | Plymouth                         |
|    1 oz | White Vermouth                                            | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| 5 whole | Raspberries                                               |
|  0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.5 oz | Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)                 |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Raspberry
- Special Prep: Muddle the raspberries with the simple syrup. For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/clover_club2.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Clover Club 2.0"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/clover_club2/"
iconfile: clover_club2
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Gin "
youtube: "MkLZovhDN_k"
description: "A pre-Prohibition classic from Philadelphia known for its silky, frothy texture and beautiful pink hue from raspberry syrup."
excerpt: |
  This pre-Prohibition classic is one of Philadelphia’s contributions to the cocktail world. It is a classic cocktail known for its sweet and tart flavor profile and its silky, frothy texture. It's a member of the sour family, but leans more towards sweetness than tartness. The pale pink liquid, delicate white foam head, and raspberry garnish make it visually appealing.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                            |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Gin                                                       | Plymouth                         |
|    1 oz | White Vermouth                                            | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| 5 whole | Raspberries                                               |
|  0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.5 oz | Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)                 |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Raspberry
- Special Prep: Muddle the raspberries with the simple syrup. For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.
