recipe/corpse_reviver_cafe_royal.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Cafe Royal Corpse Reviver"
categories: [champagne, sour, corpse_reviver]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/corpse_reviver_cafe_royal/"
iconfile: corpse_reviver_cafe_royal
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Cognac, Champagne"
youtube: "rMCsrbidAJ4"
excerpt: |
  This recipe comes from the Cafe Royal Cocktail Book.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand             |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
|  0.5 oz | Cognac                                          | Maison Rouge VSOP |
| 0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Orange Juice                              |
|    3 oz | Dry Sparkling Wine                              |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Pour the shaken cocktail into the glass and top with champagne

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/corpse_reviver_cafe_royal.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Cafe Royal Corpse Reviver"
categories: [champagne, sour, corpse_reviver]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/corpse_reviver_cafe_royal/"
iconfile: corpse_reviver_cafe_royal
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Cognac, Champagne"
youtube: "rMCsrbidAJ4"
description: "A classic variation from the Cafe Royal Cocktail Book that adds the effervescence of Champagne to a cognac base."
excerpt: |
  This recipe comes from the Cafe Royal Cocktail Book.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand             |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
|  0.5 oz | Cognac                                          | Maison Rouge VSOP |
| 0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Orange Juice                              |
|    3 oz | Dry Sparkling Wine                              |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Pour the shaken cocktail into the glass and top with champagne
