recipe/corpse_reviver_1.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Corpse Reviver #1"
categories: [cocktail, corpse_reviver]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/corpse_reviver_1/"
iconfile: corpse_reviver_1
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Calvados, Cognac"
youtube: "rMCsrbidAJ4"
excerpt: |
  The first widely popularized corpse reviver cocktail is listed in The Savoy Cocktail Book and is a cognac-based cocktail that calls for two parts cognac, one part Calvados or apple brandy, and one part Italian vermouth. In bartender Craddock's notes he says "To be taken before 11AM, or whenever steam or energy is needed".
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                         |
| ------: | -------------- | ----------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Cognac         | Maison Rouge VSOP             |
|  0.5 oz | Apple Brandy   | Laird’s Straight Applejack 86 |
| 0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth | Cocchi Vermouth Di Torino     |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Expressed orange oil
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/corpse_reviver_1.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Corpse Reviver #1"
categories: [cocktail, corpse_reviver]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/corpse_reviver_1/"
iconfile: corpse_reviver_1
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Calvados, Cognac"
youtube: "rMCsrbidAJ4"
description: 'The original Corpse Reviver, this is a cognac-based cocktail intended as a "hair of the dog" morning drink.'
excerpt: |
  The first widely popularized corpse reviver cocktail is listed in The Savoy Cocktail Book and is a cognac-based cocktail that calls for two parts cognac, one part Calvados or apple brandy, and one part Italian vermouth. In bartender Craddock's notes he says "To be taken before 11AM, or whenever steam or energy is needed".
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                         |
| ------: | -------------- | ----------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Cognac         | Maison Rouge VSOP             |
|  0.5 oz | Apple Brandy   | Laird’s Straight Applejack 86 |
| 0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth | Cocchi Vermouth Di Torino     |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Expressed orange oil
- Special Prep: None
