recipe/delmonico_special.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: "Delmonico's Restaurant"
title: "The Delmonico Special"
categories: [martini]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/delmonico_special/"
iconfile: delmonico_special
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Navy Strength Gin, Cognac, Blanc Vermouth"
youtube: "NmaOqrUOJOE"
excerpt: |
  This one dates back to the 1800s at Delmonico’s Restaurant in New York City. Delmonico’s rich history dates back 200 years. It’s considered to be the first fine dining restaurant in the US, and gave us dishes like Eggs Benedict, Baked Alaska, Wedge Salad, and Delmonico Stake. It also gave us this classic gin-based cocktail that’s balanced with cognac and vermouth. Give this recipe a try if you enjoy a Martinez or a Wet Martini.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                            |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Navy Strength Gin | Plymouth                         |
|   0.5 oz | Cognac            | Maison Rouge VSOP                |
|   0.5 oz | Sweet Vermouth    | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino        |
|   0.5 oz | Blanc Vermouth    | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters       |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Orange peel
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/delmonico_special.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: "Delmonico's Restaurant"
title: "The Delmonico Special"
categories: [martini]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/delmonico_special/"
iconfile: delmonico_special
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Navy Strength Gin, Cognac, Blanc Vermouth"
youtube: "NmaOqrUOJOE"
description: "A classic gin-based Martini-style cocktail from the 1800s, balanced with cognac and blanc vermouth."
excerpt: |
  This one dates back to the 1800s at Delmonico’s Restaurant in New York City. Delmonico’s rich history dates back 200 years. It’s considered to be the first fine dining restaurant in the US, and gave us dishes like Eggs Benedict, Baked Alaska, Wedge Salad, and Delmonico Stake. It also gave us this classic gin-based cocktail that’s balanced with cognac and vermouth. Give this recipe a try if you enjoy a Martinez or a Wet Martini.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                            |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Navy Strength Gin | Plymouth                         |
|   0.5 oz | Cognac            | Maison Rouge VSOP                |
|   0.5 oz | Sweet Vermouth    | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino        |
|   0.5 oz | Blanc Vermouth    | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters       |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Orange peel
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil
