recipe/devils_day_off.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Devil's Day Off"
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders]
permalink: "/recipe/devils_day_off/"
iconfile: devils_day_off
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Citrus, Bitter Red Soda"
youtube: "5wgvpo-xBnA"
excerpt: |
  The Devil's Day Off is a refreshing and easy-to-make non-alcoholic cocktail created by Anders Erickson. It features a combination of grapefruit juice, lime juice, agave nectar, cinnamon, and Sanbitter soda. The drink is garnished with a sprig of rosemary.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient             | Brand           |
| ------: | ---------------------- | --------------- |
|    2 oz | Fresh Grapefruit Juice |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice       |
| 0.25 oz | Agave Nectar           |
| 1 pinch | Cinnamon               |
|  100 ml | Red Bitter Soda        | Sanbitter Rosso |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Single Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Sprig of Rosemary
- Special Prep: Shake cocktail and pour into the glass. Top with red bitter soda.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/devils_day_off.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Devil's Day Off"
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders]
permalink: "/recipe/devils_day_off/"
iconfile: devils_day_off
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Citrus, Bitter Red Soda"
youtube: "5wgvpo-xBnA"
description: "A refreshing non-alcoholic cocktail that features a combination of grapefruit, lime, agave, cinnamon, and the bittersweet notes of Sanbitter soda."
excerpt: |
  The Devil's Day Off is a refreshing and easy-to-make non-alcoholic cocktail created by Anders Erickson. It features a combination of grapefruit juice, lime juice, agave nectar, cinnamon, and Sanbitter soda. The drink is garnished with a sprig of rosemary.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient             | Brand           |
| ------: | ---------------------- | --------------- |
|    2 oz | Fresh Grapefruit Juice |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice       |
| 0.25 oz | Agave Nectar           |
| 1 pinch | Cinnamon               |
|  100 ml | Red Bitter Soda        | Sanbitter Rosso |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Single Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Sprig of Rosemary
- Special Prep: Shake cocktail and pour into the glass. Top with red bitter soda.
