recipe/doctor_funk.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Don Beach
title: "Doctor Funk"
categories: [tiki]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/doctor_funk/"
iconfile: doctor_funk
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Gold Rum, Absinthe"
youtube: "aMXyG72irqI"
excerpt: |
  Created by Don Beach in the early 1950s at his The Don The Beachcomber restaurant in Palm Springs, this drink is named after Doctor Bernard Funk who was Robert Louis Stevenson's physician in Samoa. The good doctor is said to have concocted and prescribed an absinthe laced limeade so inspiring this cocktail.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                 |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| 0.75 oz | Jamaican Rum                                    | Hamilton Jamaican Pot Still Black     |
| 0.75 oz | Gold Rum                                        | Holmes Cay Fiji Single Origin Edition |
| 0.25 oz | Absinthe                                        | St. George                            |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
| 0.75 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|    1 oz | Sparkling Water                                 | Topo Chico                            |

### Notes

- Method:
  - Shaken
  - Crushed Ice
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Low Ball
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds
- Special Prep: Pour cocktail into the glass, and top with sparkling water

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/doctor_funk.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Don Beach
title: "Doctor Funk"
categories: [tiki]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/doctor_funk/"
iconfile: doctor_funk
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Gold Rum, Absinthe"
youtube: "aMXyG72irqI"
description: "A classic tiki cocktail with a unique flavor profile that includes an absinthe-laced limeade."
excerpt: |
  Created by Don Beach in the early 1950s at his The Don The Beachcomber restaurant in Palm Springs, this drink is named after Doctor Bernard Funk who was Robert Louis Stevenson's physician in Samoa. The good doctor is said to have concocted and prescribed an absinthe laced limeade so inspiring this cocktail.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                 |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| 0.75 oz | Jamaican Rum                                    | Hamilton Jamaican Pot Still Black     |
| 0.75 oz | Gold Rum                                        | Holmes Cay Fiji Single Origin Edition |
| 0.25 oz | Absinthe                                        | St. George                            |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
| 0.75 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|    1 oz | Sparkling Water                                 | Topo Chico                            |

### Notes

- Method:
  - Shaken
  - Crushed Ice
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Low Ball
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds
- Special Prep: Pour cocktail into the glass, and top with sparkling water
