recipe/east_india_cocktail.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
title: "East India Cocktail"
eras: [classic]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/east_india_cocktail/"
iconfile: east_india_cocktail
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Cognac, Maraschino Liqueur"
youtube: "wiDoRYL4V9g"
excerpt: |
  The East India cocktail was first published in Harry Johnson's New and Improved Bartenders Manual in 1882. It was named after the World's first huge company The Dutch East India Company. It's ingredients indicative of what that company would have been importing at the time.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                      |
| -------: | ------------------ | -------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Cognac             | Pierre Ferrand 1840        |
|  0.75 oz | Maraschino Liqueur | Luxardo                    |
|  0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice  |
|  0.75 oz | Pineapple Juice    |
| 3 dashes | Bitters            | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lemon Twist
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/east_india_cocktail.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
title: "East India Cocktail"
eras: [classic]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/east_india_cocktail/"
iconfile: east_india_cocktail
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Cognac, Maraschino Liqueur"
youtube: "wiDoRYL4V9g"
description: "A classic sour from the 1880s that features cognac, pineapple, and maraschino liqueur, with ingredients indicative of the East India Trading Company's imports."
excerpt: |
  The East India cocktail was first published in Harry Johnson's New and Improved Bartenders Manual in 1882. It was named after the World's first huge company The Dutch East India Company. It's ingredients indicative of what that company would have been importing at the time.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                      |
| -------: | ------------------ | -------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Cognac             | Pierre Ferrand 1840        |
|  0.75 oz | Maraschino Liqueur | Luxardo                    |
|  0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice  |
|  0.75 oz | Pineapple Juice    |
| 3 dashes | Bitters            | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lemon Twist
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil
