recipe/eggnog.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Eggnog"
eras: [classic]
categories: [eggnog]
permalink: "/recipe/eggnog/"
iconfile: eggnog
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rum, Amontillado Sherry "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
excerpt: |
  Eggnog is a creamy, festive cocktail that's perfect for the holiday season. It's made with a base of eggs, sugar, milk, and cream, and is typically flavored with spices like nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Alcohol, such as brandy, rum, or bourbon, is often added to give it a kick.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                          |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
|  1.5 oz | Demerara Rum                                             | El Dorado 8 Year               |
|  0.5 oz | Amontillado Sherry                                       | Lustau Amontillado 'Los Arcos' |
|    1 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 whole | Egg                                                      |
|    2 oz | Half & Half cream                                        |
| 1 pinch | Salt                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg for garnish
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate the egg.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/eggnog.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Eggnog"
eras: [classic]
categories: [eggnog]
permalink: "/recipe/eggnog/"
iconfile: eggnog
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rum, Amontillado Sherry "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
description: "A creamy, festive classic cocktail perfect for the holidays, made with eggs, sugar, milk, and typically spiked with rum or sherry."
excerpt: |
  Eggnog is a creamy, festive cocktail that's perfect for the holiday season. It's made with a base of eggs, sugar, milk, and cream, and is typically flavored with spices like nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Alcohol, such as brandy, rum, or bourbon, is often added to give it a kick.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                          |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
|  1.5 oz | Demerara Rum                                             | El Dorado 8 Year               |
|  0.5 oz | Amontillado Sherry                                       | Lustau Amontillado 'Los Arcos' |
|    1 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 whole | Egg                                                      |
|    2 oz | Half & Half cream                                        |
| 1 pinch | Salt                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg for garnish
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate the egg.
