recipe/elks_own.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Elk's Own"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/elks_own/"
iconfile: elks_own
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Rye, Ruby Port "
youtube: "zxDfN7UCTZs&t=34s"
excerpt: |
  The Elk's Own is a classic cocktail with a rich history dating back to the 19th century. It's a complex and flavorful drink that blends the warmth of rye whiskey with the sweetness of port wine, balanced by tart lemon juice and a touch of sweetness from simple syrup. The addition of egg white creates a smooth, frothy texture.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                 |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Rye                                                      | Rittenhouse 100 Proof |
| 0.75 oz | Ruby Port                                                | Fonseca Bin #27       |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|  0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Optional Raw Egg White or Aquafaba (chickpea water)      |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba. Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/elks_own.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Elk's Own"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/elks_own/"
iconfile: elks_own
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Rye, Ruby Port "
youtube: "zxDfN7UCTZs&t=34s"
description: "A complex and flavorful classic sour that blends the warmth of rye whiskey with the sweetness of port wine, balanced by tart lemon."
excerpt: |
  The Elk's Own is a classic cocktail with a rich history dating back to the 19th century. It's a complex and flavorful drink that blends the warmth of rye whiskey with the sweetness of port wine, balanced by tart lemon juice and a touch of sweetness from simple syrup. The addition of egg white creates a smooth, frothy texture.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                 |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Rye                                                      | Rittenhouse 100 Proof |
| 0.75 oz | Ruby Port                                                | Fonseca Bin #27       |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|  0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Optional Raw Egg White or Aquafaba (chickpea water)      |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba. Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)
