recipe/espresso_martini.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Dick Bradsell
title: "Espresso Martini"
eras: [modern]
categories: [coffee, after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/espresso_martini/"
iconfile: espresso_martini
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Coffee Liqueur, Vodka "
youtube: "q0ebbWwoI10"
excerpt: |
  The Espresso Martini is more than 40 years old, and remains one of the most popular cocktails in existence today. Discover why this simple combination of vodka, espresso, and coffee liqueur still works.
---

## Original

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand               |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|    1 oz | Coffee Liqueur                                           | Mr. Black Cold Brew |
|    1 oz | Vodka                                                    | Russian Standard    |
|    1 oz | Freshly Brewed Espresso                                  |
| 0.25 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 Swath | Lemon Oil                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: Lemon oil and 3 coffee beans
- Special Prep: None

## Riff

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand               |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|    1 oz | Coffee Liqueur                                           | Mr. Black Cold Brew |
|    1 oz | Cognac                                                   | Maison Rouge VSOP   |
|    1 oz | Freshly Brewed Espresso                                  |
| 0.25 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 Swath | Lemon Oil                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: Lemon oil and 3 coffee beans
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/espresso_martini.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Dick Bradsell
title: "Espresso Martini"
eras: [modern]
categories: [coffee, after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/espresso_martini/"
iconfile: espresso_martini
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Coffee Liqueur, Vodka "
youtube: "q0ebbWwoI10"
description: "A modern classic that provides a rich and energizing combination of vodka, fresh espresso, and coffee liqueur."
excerpt: |
  The Espresso Martini is more than 40 years old, and remains one of the most popular cocktails in existence today. Discover why this simple combination of vodka, espresso, and coffee liqueur still works.
---

## Original

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand               |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|    1 oz | Coffee Liqueur                                           | Mr. Black Cold Brew |
|    1 oz | Vodka                                                    | Russian Standard    |
|    1 oz | Freshly Brewed Espresso                                  |
| 0.25 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 Swath | Lemon Oil                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: Lemon oil and 3 coffee beans
- Special Prep: None

## Riff

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand               |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|    1 oz | Coffee Liqueur                                           | Mr. Black Cold Brew |
|    1 oz | Cognac                                                   | Maison Rouge VSOP   |
|    1 oz | Freshly Brewed Espresso                                  |
| 0.25 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 1 Swath | Lemon Oil                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: Lemon oil and 3 coffee beans
- Special Prep: None
