recipe/golden_cadillac.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Golden Cadillac"
categories: [fizz]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/golden_cadillac/"
iconfile: golden_cadillac
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Galliano, White Crème de Cacao"
youtube: "x6QiK4firC4"
excerpt: |
  Created in 1952 by bartender Frank Cline at Poor Red's, it is among the best cocktails to feature Galliano.
---

### The Classic

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient           | Brand                |
| -----: | -------------------- | -------------------- |
|   1 oz | Galliano             | Galliano L’Autentico |
|   1 oz | White Crème de Cacao | Marie Brizard        |
|   1 oz | Heavy Cream          |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep: None

### The Blended Milkshake

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient           | Brand                |
| -------: | -------------------- | -------------------- |
| 3 scoops | Vanilla Ice Cream    |
|   1.5 oz | Galliano             | Galliano L’Autentico |
|   1.5 oz | White Crème de Cacao | Marie Brizard        |
|     1 oz | Half & Half          |
|  0.25 oz | Crushed Ice          |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: open pour
- Glassware: Large Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep: Top with [crème de cacao whipped cream]({%link recipe/creme_de_cacao_whipped_cream.md%}).

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/golden_cadillac.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Golden Cadillac"
categories: [fizz]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/golden_cadillac/"
iconfile: golden_cadillac
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Galliano, White Crème de Cacao"
youtube: "x6QiK4firC4"
description: "A creamy, dessert-like fizz from 1952, known for its distinct golden color and flavor from Galliano liqueur."
excerpt: |
  Created in 1952 by bartender Frank Cline at Poor Red's, it is among the best cocktails to feature Galliano.
---

### The Classic

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient           | Brand                |
| -----: | -------------------- | -------------------- |
|   1 oz | Galliano             | Galliano L’Autentico |
|   1 oz | White Crème de Cacao | Marie Brizard        |
|   1 oz | Heavy Cream          |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep: None

### The Blended Milkshake

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient           | Brand                |
| -------: | -------------------- | -------------------- |
| 3 scoops | Vanilla Ice Cream    |
|   1.5 oz | Galliano             | Galliano L’Autentico |
|   1.5 oz | White Crème de Cacao | Marie Brizard        |
|     1 oz | Half & Half          |
|  0.25 oz | Crushed Ice          |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: open pour
- Glassware: Large Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep: Top with [crème de cacao whipped cream]({%link recipe/creme_de_cacao_whipped_cream.md%}).
