recipe/haunted_house.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Haunted House"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/haunted_house/"
iconfile: haunted_house
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Rye, Swedish Punsch "
youtube: "u0N9FFJ1i5c"
excerpt: |
  The Haunted House cocktail is a spooky and delicious drink that's perfect for Halloween or any other spooky occasion. It's made with bourbon, apple cider, lemon juice, and a variety of spices, including cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. The drink is garnished with a cinnamon stick and a lemon wheel, making it both festive and festive.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Jamaican Rum                                    | Appleton Estate Signature  |
|     1 oz | Rye                                             | Rittenhouse 100 Proof      |
|   0.5 oz | Swedish Punsch                                  | Kronan                     |
|  0.25 oz | [Ginger Syrup]({%link recipe/ginger_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Expressed orange oil and cherry
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/haunted_house.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Haunted House"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/haunted_house/"
iconfile: haunted_house
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Rye, Swedish Punsch "
youtube: "u0N9FFJ1i5c"
description: "A modern cocktail with a complex profile, combining Jamaican rum, rye, and the unique spice of Swedish Punsch."
excerpt: |
  The Haunted House cocktail is a spooky and delicious drink that's perfect for Halloween or any other spooky occasion. It's made with bourbon, apple cider, lemon juice, and a variety of spices, including cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. The drink is garnished with a cinnamon stick and a lemon wheel, making it both festive and festive.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Jamaican Rum                                    | Appleton Estate Signature  |
|     1 oz | Rye                                             | Rittenhouse 100 Proof      |
|   0.5 oz | Swedish Punsch                                  | Kronan                     |
|  0.25 oz | [Ginger Syrup]({%link recipe/ginger_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Expressed orange oil and cherry
- Special Prep: None
