recipe/improved_whiskey_cocktail.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Jerry Thomas
title: "Improved Whiskey Cocktail"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/improved_whiskey_cocktail/"
iconfile: improved_whiskey_cocktail
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rye, Maraschino Liqueur, Absinthe"
youtube: "8Mj790thvm8"
excerpt: |
  The Whiskey Cocktail, along with this Improved version appeared in Jerry Thomas's 1876 <i>The Bar-tender's Guide</i>. The book also includes "Improved" versions of the Brandy Cocktail, and Gin Cocktail which are all what we today call Old Fashioned cocktails. In the words of Jerry Thomas, they have been "<i>improved by moistening the edge of the cocktail glass with a piece of lemon</i>." Such "improved" American cocktails from the period are also distinguished by using European ingredients, particularly maraschino liqueur and/or absinthe.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                 |
| ------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|          2 oz | Rye                                                       | Rittenhouse 100 proof |
|       0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |                       |
|      3 dashes | Cardamom Bitters                                          | Fee Brothers          |
|    1 barspoon | Maraschino Liqueur                                        | Luxardo               |
| 1 to 2 dashes | Absinthe                                                  | St. George            |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Low Ball
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil and peel
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/improved_whiskey_cocktail.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Jerry Thomas
title: "Improved Whiskey Cocktail"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/improved_whiskey_cocktail/"
iconfile: improved_whiskey_cocktail
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rye, Maraschino Liqueur, Absinthe"
youtube: "8Mj790thvm8"
description: 'A classic Old Fashioned variation from the 1870s, "improved" with the addition of European ingredients like maraschino liqueur and absinthe.'
excerpt: |
  The Whiskey Cocktail, along with this Improved version appeared in Jerry Thomas's 1876 <i>The Bar-tender's Guide</i>. The book also includes "Improved" versions of the Brandy Cocktail, and Gin Cocktail which are all what we today call Old Fashioned cocktails. In the words of Jerry Thomas, they have been "<i>improved by moistening the edge of the cocktail glass with a piece of lemon</i>." Such "improved" American cocktails from the period are also distinguished by using European ingredients, particularly maraschino liqueur and/or absinthe.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                 |
| ------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|          2 oz | Rye                                                       | Rittenhouse 100 proof |
|       0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |                       |
|      3 dashes | Cardamom Bitters                                          | Fee Brothers          |
|    1 barspoon | Maraschino Liqueur                                        | Luxardo               |
| 1 to 2 dashes | Absinthe                                                  | St. George            |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Low Ball
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil and peel
- Special Prep: None
