recipe/littlest_rebel.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Littlest Rebel"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/little_strebel/"
iconfile: littlest_rebel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy, Blended Scotch "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
excerpt: |
  The Littlest Rebel is a cocktail that blends the flavors of apple brandy, Scotch whisky, lime juice, and grenadine. It's a complex and refreshing drink with a smoky and fruity profile. Some bartenders also add egg white to create a frothy texture.<br><br>

  The name of the cocktail is likely inspired by the 1935 film The Littlest Rebel starring Shirley Temple.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                         |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Apple Brandy                                    | Laird's Straight Apple Brandy Bottled in Bond |
|  0.5 oz | Blended Scotch Whisky                           | Monkey Shoulder Blended Malt Whisky           |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|  0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White                                       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Expressed lime oil
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/littlest_rebel.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Littlest Rebel"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/little_strebel/"
iconfile: littlest_rebel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy, Blended Scotch "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
description: "A Prohibition-era sour with a complex smoky and fruity profile, blending apple brandy and Scotch whisky."
excerpt: |
  The Littlest Rebel is a cocktail that blends the flavors of apple brandy, Scotch whisky, lime juice, and grenadine. It's a complex and refreshing drink with a smoky and fruity profile. Some bartenders also add egg white to create a frothy texture.<br><br>

  The name of the cocktail is likely inspired by the 1935 film The Littlest Rebel starring Shirley Temple.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                         |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Apple Brandy                                    | Laird's Straight Apple Brandy Bottled in Bond |
|  0.5 oz | Blended Scotch Whisky                           | Monkey Shoulder Blended Malt Whisky           |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|  0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White                                       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Expressed lime oil
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white.
