recipe/lonely_penguin.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Lonely Penguin"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/lonely_penguin/"
iconfile: lonely_penguin
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rye, Crème de Mûre"
youtube: "Hw-KZJNvtts"
excerpt: |
  Created by Anders Ericson, the Lonely Penguin is a unique and refreshing drink that combines the flavors of whiskey, lemon, blackberry, and coconut. It's a perfect choice for those who enjoy a bit of sweetness with their spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                      |
| -------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Rye                                                           | Rittenhouse 100 proof      |
|   0.5 oz | Crème de Mûre                                                 | Combier                    |
|  0.75 oz | [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |                            |
|  0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |                            |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%})     |                            |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                       | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Brandy Snifter
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: 2 cocktail cherries (eyes), orange wedge (beak), 2 pineapple fronds (flippers), & cocktail umbrella for garnish (arranged to look like a penguin)
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/lonely_penguin.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Lonely Penguin"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/lonely_penguin/"
iconfile: lonely_penguin
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rye, Crème de Mûre"
youtube: "Hw-KZJNvtts"
description: "A unique original cocktail that combines the flavors of whiskey, lemon, blackberry, and coconut."
excerpt: |
  Created by Anders Ericson, the Lonely Penguin is a unique and refreshing drink that combines the flavors of whiskey, lemon, blackberry, and coconut. It's a perfect choice for those who enjoy a bit of sweetness with their spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                      |
| -------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Rye                                                           | Rittenhouse 100 proof      |
|   0.5 oz | Crème de Mûre                                                 | Combier                    |
|  0.75 oz | [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |                            |
|  0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |                            |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%})     |                            |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                       | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Brandy Snifter
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: 2 cocktail cherries (eyes), orange wedge (beak), 2 pineapple fronds (flippers), & cocktail umbrella for garnish (arranged to look like a penguin)
- Special Prep: None
