recipe/long_island_iced_tea.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Long Island Iced Tea"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/long_island_iced_tea/"
iconfile: long_island_iced_tea
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Vodka, Light Rum, Gin, Blanco Tequila"
youtube: "jLTLBQqWzq8"
excerpt: |
  The Long Island Iced Tea is as boozy as cocktails get, with a guaranteed hangover. But with four liquors, one liqueur, lemon and cola, it somehow works.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                            |
| -----: | -------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
|   1 oz | Vodka                                                    | Union Horse Distilling Co. Rider |
|   1 oz | Light Rum                                                | El Dorado 3 Year                 |
|   1 oz | Gin                                                      | Plymouth Gin                     |
|   1 oz | Blanco Tequila                                           | Siete Leguas Blanco              |
|   1 oz | Triple Sec                                               | Luxardo Triplum                  |
|   1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
| 0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.5 oz | Cola Coca-Cola                                           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large Mug
- Garnish: Lemon Wheel
- Special Prep: Top with Coca-Cola

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/long_island_iced_tea.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Long Island Iced Tea"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/long_island_iced_tea/"
iconfile: long_island_iced_tea
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Vodka, Light Rum, Gin, Blanco Tequila"
youtube: "jLTLBQqWzq8"
description: "A famously potent modern cocktail that combines four different spirits (vodka, rum, gin, tequila) with triple sec, lemon, and a splash of cola."
excerpt: |
  The Long Island Iced Tea is as boozy as cocktails get, with a guaranteed hangover. But with four liquors, one liqueur, lemon and cola, it somehow works.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                            |
| -----: | -------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
|   1 oz | Vodka                                                    | Union Horse Distilling Co. Rider |
|   1 oz | Light Rum                                                | El Dorado 3 Year                 |
|   1 oz | Gin                                                      | Plymouth Gin                     |
|   1 oz | Blanco Tequila                                           | Siete Leguas Blanco              |
|   1 oz | Triple Sec                                               | Luxardo Triplum                  |
|   1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
| 0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.5 oz | Cola Coca-Cola                                           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large Mug
- Garnish: Lemon Wheel
- Special Prep: Top with Coca-Cola
