recipe/lucien_gaudin.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Lucien Gaudin"
categories: [campari, cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/lucien_gaudin/"
iconfile: lucien_gaudin
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Plymouth Gin, White Vermouth, Campari "
youtube: "NLF7z6MHMa0"
excerpt: |
  The Lucien Gaudin is a classic gin cocktail named after the French Olympic fencer. It has the bitterness of Campari with gin, a nod to the Negroni, but with dry vermouth rather than sweet vermouth.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                            |
| -----: | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
|   1 oz | Gin            | Plymouth Gin                     |
| 0.5 oz | White Vermouth | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
| 0.5 oz | Campari        | Campari                          |
| 0.5 oz | Cointreau      | Cointreau                        |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Orange peel
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/lucien_gaudin.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Lucien Gaudin"
categories: [campari, cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/lucien_gaudin/"
iconfile: lucien_gaudin
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Plymouth Gin, White Vermouth, Campari "
youtube: "NLF7z6MHMa0"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era cocktail named for a French Olympic fencer, this is a Negroni variation that uses dry vermouth instead of sweet."
excerpt: |
  The Lucien Gaudin is a classic gin cocktail named after the French Olympic fencer. It has the bitterness of Campari with gin, a nod to the Negroni, but with dry vermouth rather than sweet vermouth.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                            |
| -----: | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
|   1 oz | Gin            | Plymouth Gin                     |
| 0.5 oz | White Vermouth | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
| 0.5 oz | Campari        | Campari                          |
| 0.5 oz | Cointreau      | Cointreau                        |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Orange peel
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil
