recipe/lucky_stone.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Lucky Stone"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/lucky_stone/"
iconfile: lucky_stone
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Irish Whiskey, Amontillado Sherry, Apricot Liqueur"
youtube: "aRboP-f7LK0"
excerpt: |
  The Lucky Stone is a cocktail that combines the flavors of Irish whiskey, Amontillado sherry, apricot liqueur, and Peychaud's bitters. It is a complex and balanced drink with a sweet and nutty flavor profile.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                         |
| -------: | ------------------ | ----------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Irish Whiskey      | Powers Gold Label             |
|     1 oz | Amontillado Sherry | Lustau Los Arcos              |
|   0.5 oz | Apricot Liquer     | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon |
| 2 dashes | Bitters            | Peychaud's Bitters            |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/lucky_stone.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Lucky Stone"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/lucky_stone/"
iconfile: lucky_stone
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Irish Whiskey, Amontillado Sherry, Apricot Liqueur"
youtube: "aRboP-f7LK0"
description: "An original cocktail with a complex and balanced profile, combining Irish whiskey with the nutty notes of Amontillado sherry and sweet apricot."
excerpt: |
  The Lucky Stone is a cocktail that combines the flavors of Irish whiskey, Amontillado sherry, apricot liqueur, and Peychaud's bitters. It is a complex and balanced drink with a sweet and nutty flavor profile.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                         |
| -------: | ------------------ | ----------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Irish Whiskey      | Powers Gold Label             |
|     1 oz | Amontillado Sherry | Lustau Los Arcos              |
|   0.5 oz | Apricot Liquer     | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon |
| 2 dashes | Bitters            | Peychaud's Bitters            |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil
