recipe/mai_tai.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Mai Tai"
eras: [modern]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/mai_tai/"
iconfile: mai_tai
stars: 4.5
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Rhum Agricole"
youtube: "gYJsPE1demY"
excerpt: |
  It’s time you had a proper Mai Tai from Latitude 29 and Jeff “Beachbum” Berry, the renowned Tiki historian.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                 |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Jamaican Rum                                    | Appleton 12 year Rare Blend           |
|    1 oz | Rhum Agricole                                   | La Favorite Ambre Rhum Agricole Ambre |
|  0.5 oz | Orange Curaçao                                  | Pierre Ferrand                        |
|    1 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|  0.5 oz | [Orgeat Syrup]({%link recipe/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.5 oz | Dark Rum                                        | Kōloa Kaua'i                          |
| 0.25 oz | Overproof Rum                                  | Bacardi 151                           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Tiki, Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint Sprig, Inverted Lime Husk, Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep: Add the mint sprig to the glass. Float the dark rum on the drink. Add the inverted lime shell and place the cocktail cherry inside. fill the lime shell with 151 rum and light.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/mai_tai.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Mai Tai"
eras: [modern]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/mai_tai/"
iconfile: mai_tai
stars: 4.5
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Rhum Agricole"
youtube: "gYJsPE1demY"
description: "A quintessential tiki classic that balances two types of rum with the flavors of orange curaçao, orgeat, and lime."
excerpt: |
  It’s time you had a proper Mai Tai from Latitude 29 and Jeff “Beachbum” Berry, the renowned Tiki historian.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                 |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Jamaican Rum                                    | Appleton 12 year Rare Blend           |
|    1 oz | Rhum Agricole                                   | La Favorite Ambre Rhum Agricole Ambre |
|  0.5 oz | Orange Curaçao                                  | Pierre Ferrand                        |
|    1 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|  0.5 oz | [Orgeat Syrup]({%link recipe/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
|  0.5 oz | Dark Rum                                        | Kōloa Kaua'i                          |
| 0.25 oz | Overproof Rum                                  | Bacardi 151                           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Tiki, Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint Sprig, Inverted Lime Husk, Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep: Add the mint sprig to the glass. Float the dark rum on the drink. Add the inverted lime shell and place the cocktail cherry inside. fill the lime shell with 151 rum and light.
