recipe/millionaire_cocktail.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Millionaire Cocktail #1"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/millionaire_cocktail/"
iconfile: millionaire_cocktail
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Apricot Liqueur"
youtube: "CZ5KSKO3sbQ"
excerpt: |
  Recipe adapted from Harry Craddock's 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i>. Craddock also lists a "Millionaire Cocktail (No.2)" as follows: 
  <br>- 1 Dash Anisette
  <br>- The white of 1 Egg
  <br>- 1/3 Absinthe
  <br>- 2/3 Dry gin
  <br>- Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                              |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Jamaica Rum                                     | Appleton Estate 12 year Rare Casks |
|  0.5 oz | Apricot Liqueur                                 | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon      |
|  0.5 oz | Sloe Gin                                        | Plymouth                           |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
| 0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lime wheel
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/millionaire_cocktail.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Millionaire Cocktail #1"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/millionaire_cocktail/"
iconfile: millionaire_cocktail
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Apricot Liqueur"
youtube: "CZ5KSKO3sbQ"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era sour with a rich flavor profile from Jamaican rum, sloe gin, and apricot liqueur."
excerpt: |
  Recipe adapted from Harry Craddock's 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i>. Craddock also lists a "Millionaire Cocktail (No.2)" as follows: 
  <br>- 1 Dash Anisette
  <br>- The white of 1 Egg
  <br>- 1/3 Absinthe
  <br>- 2/3 Dry gin
  <br>- Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                              |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
|    1 oz | Jamaica Rum                                     | Appleton Estate 12 year Rare Casks |
|  0.5 oz | Apricot Liqueur                                 | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon      |
|  0.5 oz | Sloe Gin                                        | Plymouth                           |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
| 0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lime wheel
- Special Prep: None
