recipe/millionaire_royal.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Millionaire Royal"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/millionaire_royal/"
iconfile: millionaire_royal
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Grand Marnier, Absinthe"
youtube: "CZ5KSKO3sbQ"
excerpt: |
  In his 1948 <i>The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks</i>, David Embury's says "At some bars a drink served under the name of "Millionaire" which consists of lime juice, slow gin, and Apricot Liqueur, with a few dashes of Jamaica rum. Since the sloe gin, which is a liqueur, predominates in this drink, I do not regard it as a true cocktail." Embury is more complimentary of what he calls a "Millionaire Royal", proclaiming it to be "a very satisfactory drink."
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                          |
| ---------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
|    0.75 oz | Egg White                                       |
|     0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|     0.5 oz | Triple Sec                                      | Grand Marnier                  |
|     1.5 oz | Bourbon                                         | Evan Williams 1783 Small Batch |
|    0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
| 1 barspoon | Absinthe                                        | St. George Verte               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep:
  - To prevent the egg white from scrambling: add the egg white, grenadine and triple sec to the cheater tin.
  - Add the bourbon, lemon juice, absinthe to the main tin. Then add ice.
  - Combine the two tins and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/millionaire_royal.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Millionaire Royal"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/millionaire_royal/"
iconfile: millionaire_royal
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Grand Marnier, Absinthe"
youtube: "CZ5KSKO3sbQ"
description: "A very satisfactory classic sour, featuring bourbon, Grand Marnier, and a hint of absinthe."
excerpt: |
  In his 1948 <i>The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks</i>, David Embury's says "At some bars a drink served under the name of "Millionaire" which consists of lime juice, slow gin, and Apricot Liqueur, with a few dashes of Jamaica rum. Since the sloe gin, which is a liqueur, predominates in this drink, I do not regard it as a true cocktail." Embury is more complimentary of what he calls a "Millionaire Royal", proclaiming it to be "a very satisfactory drink."
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                          |
| ---------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
|    0.75 oz | Egg White                                       |
|     0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|     0.5 oz | Triple Sec                                      | Grand Marnier                  |
|     1.5 oz | Bourbon                                         | Evan Williams 1783 Small Batch |
|    0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
| 1 barspoon | Absinthe                                        | St. George Verte               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep:
  - To prevent the egg white from scrambling: add the egg white, grenadine and triple sec to the cheater tin.
  - Add the bourbon, lemon juice, absinthe to the main tin. Then add ice.
  - Combine the two tins and shake.
