recipe/monkey_gland.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Monkey Gland"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/monkey_gland/"
iconfile: monkey_gland
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Absinthe"
youtube: "u4b673NTI7w"
excerpt: |
  Created in the late 1920s by Harry MacElhone at his Harry's New York Bar in Paris, France. The Monkey Gland takes its name from the work of Dr Serge Voronoff who, convinced that testosterone was vital to a long and healthy life, transplanted monkey testicles onto elderly Frenchmen.<br><br>The "Monkey's Gland Cocktail" first appears in MacElhone's 1922 <i>Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails</i>. In his 1923 edition, he specifies the recipe as "<i>1 dash Absinthe, 1 teaspoonful of Grenadine, ½ Orange Juice, ½ Gordon Gin. Shake well, and strain into a cocktail glass. (Invented by the Author and deriving its name from Voronoff's experiments in rejuvenation.)</i>."
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand        |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
|   1.5 oz | Gin                                             | The Botanist Islay Dry Gin |
|     1 oz | Fresh Orange Juice                              |
|   0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 3 dashes | Absinthe                                        | St. George Verte   |
|  1 swath | Orange Peel                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Orange peel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Regal shake with the swath of orange peel in the shaker

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/monkey_gland.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Monkey Gland"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/monkey_gland/"
iconfile: monkey_gland
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Absinthe"
youtube: "u4b673NTI7w"
description: "A classic sour from the 1920s with a unique name, combining gin, orange juice, and a hint of absinthe."
excerpt: |
  Created in the late 1920s by Harry MacElhone at his Harry's New York Bar in Paris, France. The Monkey Gland takes its name from the work of Dr Serge Voronoff who, convinced that testosterone was vital to a long and healthy life, transplanted monkey testicles onto elderly Frenchmen.<br><br>The "Monkey's Gland Cocktail" first appears in MacElhone's 1922 <i>Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails</i>. In his 1923 edition, he specifies the recipe as "<i>1 dash Absinthe, 1 teaspoonful of Grenadine, ½ Orange Juice, ½ Gordon Gin. Shake well, and strain into a cocktail glass. (Invented by the Author and deriving its name from Voronoff's experiments in rejuvenation.)</i>."
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand        |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
|   1.5 oz | Gin                                             | The Botanist Islay Dry Gin |
|     1 oz | Fresh Orange Juice                              |
|   0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 3 dashes | Absinthe                                        | St. George Verte   |
|  1 swath | Orange Peel                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Orange peel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Regal shake with the swath of orange peel in the shaker
