recipe/oaxaca_old_fashioned.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Oaxaca Old Fashioned"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/oaxaca_old_fashioned/"
iconfile: oaxaca_old_fashioned
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila, Mezcal"
youtube: "LkXW1diKOvs"
excerpt: |
  The Oaxaca Old Fashioned helped kick off the mezcal craze in the United States. Created in 2007 by New York bartender Phil Ward, the Oaxaca Old Fashioned introduced countless drinkers to the earthy spirit, which was unfamiliar to most consumers at the time. Ward first made the cocktail at Death & Co., the pioneering East Village bar, before placing it on the menu at Mayahuel, the dearly departed bar that he opened down the street.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                      |
| ---------: | ---------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila | Siete Leguas               |
|     0.5 oz | Mezcal           | Del Maguey Vida            |
|   2 dashes | Bitters          | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |
| 1 barspoon | Agave Nectar     |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Expressed grapefruit oil and peel
- Special Prep:
  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin.
  - Pour cocktail into glass.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/oaxaca_old_fashioned.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Oaxaca Old Fashioned"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/oaxaca_old_fashioned/"
iconfile: oaxaca_old_fashioned
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila, Mezcal"
youtube: "LkXW1diKOvs"
description: "A modern classic from 2007 that kicked off the mezcal craze, splitting the base of a traditional Old Fashioned between tequila and mezcal."
excerpt: |
  The Oaxaca Old Fashioned helped kick off the mezcal craze in the United States. Created in 2007 by New York bartender Phil Ward, the Oaxaca Old Fashioned introduced countless drinkers to the earthy spirit, which was unfamiliar to most consumers at the time. Ward first made the cocktail at Death & Co., the pioneering East Village bar, before placing it on the menu at Mayahuel, the dearly departed bar that he opened down the street.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                      |
| ---------: | ---------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila | Siete Leguas               |
|     0.5 oz | Mezcal           | Del Maguey Vida            |
|   2 dashes | Bitters          | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |
| 1 barspoon | Agave Nectar     |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Expressed grapefruit oil and peel
- Special Prep:
  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin.
  - Pour cocktail into glass.
