recipe/old_barrel.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Difford's Guide
title: "Old Barrel"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/old_barrel/"
iconfile: old_barrel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rye, Bénédictine, Amontillado Sherry"
youtube: "https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/6170/old-barrel"
excerpt: |
  Rye whiskey spice, herbal liqueur complexity and vinous sherry sit alongside each other in a harmonious trinity with dashes of aromatic bitters and lemon zest freshness in this riff on a classic Old Fashioned.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                        |
| -----: | ------------------ | ---------------------------- |
|   2 oz | Rye                |
| 0.5 oz | Bénédictine        | Bénédictine D.O.M.           |
| 0.5 oz | Amontillado Sherry | Lustau Amontillado Los Arcos |
| 3 dash | Bitters            | Angostura Aromatic Bitters   |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Lemon swath
- Special Prep: Express lemon oil on the drink.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/old_barrel.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Difford's Guide
title: "Old Barrel"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/old_barrel/"
iconfile: old_barrel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rye, Bénédictine, Amontillado Sherry"
youtube: "https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/6170/old-barrel"
description: "A modern riff on a classic Old Fashioned with rye whiskey spice, herbal Bénédictine complexity, and vinous sherry."
excerpt: |
  Rye whiskey spice, herbal liqueur complexity and vinous sherry sit alongside each other in a harmonious trinity with dashes of aromatic bitters and lemon zest freshness in this riff on a classic Old Fashioned.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                        |
| -----: | ------------------ | ---------------------------- |
|   2 oz | Rye                |
| 0.5 oz | Bénédictine        | Bénédictine D.O.M.           |
| 0.5 oz | Amontillado Sherry | Lustau Amontillado Los Arcos |
| 3 dash | Bitters            | Angostura Aromatic Bitters   |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Lemon swath
- Special Prep: Express lemon oil on the drink.
