recipe/peach_sage_smash.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Peach & Sage Smash"
author: "Anders Erickson"
eras: [modern]
categories: [smash]
permalink: "/recipe/peach_sage_smash/"
iconfile: peach_sage_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila"
youtube: "3i4QnRLlPFc&t=220s"
excerpt: |
  The Peach & Sage Smash is a refreshing and flavorful cocktail that combines the sweetness of peaches with the earthy notes of sage.
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient         | Brand   |
| -------------: | ------------------ | ------- |
|           2 oz | Reposado Tequila   | Milagro |
|         0.5 oz | Light Agave Nectar |
|      0.5 whole | Lemon              |
|        1 Small | Peach              |
| 8 to 10 leaves | Sage               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Low Ball, Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Peach slices & sage leaves
- Special Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces, the peach and agave nectar into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/peach_sage_smash.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Peach & Sage Smash"
author: "Anders Erickson"
eras: [modern]
categories: [smash]
permalink: "/recipe/peach_sage_smash/"
iconfile: peach_sage_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila"
youtube: "3i4QnRLlPFc&t=220s"
description: "A refreshing and flavorful modern smash that combines the sweetness of fresh peaches with the earthy, savory notes of sage."
excerpt: |
  The Peach & Sage Smash is a refreshing and flavorful cocktail that combines the sweetness of peaches with the earthy notes of sage.
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient         | Brand   |
| -------------: | ------------------ | ------- |
|           2 oz | Reposado Tequila   | Milagro |
|         0.5 oz | Light Agave Nectar |
|      0.5 whole | Lemon              |
|        1 Small | Peach              |
| 8 to 10 leaves | Sage               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Low Ball, Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Peach slices & sage leaves
- Special Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces, the peach and agave nectar into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.
