recipe/pina_colada.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Piña Colada"
categories: [tiki]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/pina_colada/"
iconfile: pina_colada
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum "
youtube: "eH9yt9JpXXk&t=6s"
excerpt: |
  The Piña Colada is a classic tropical cocktail that is loved by many for its sweet and refreshing flavor. It is made with rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut, and is typically served blended with ice or shaken with ice and strained.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                 |
| ---------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|       2 oz | Light Rum                                                     | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|       1 oz | [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |
|       1 oz | Coconut Milk                                                  |
|       6 oz | Fresh Pineapple Juice                                         |
| 8 to 10 oz | Crushed Ice                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large glass
- Garnish: Pineapple pieces, pineapple fronds and cocktail cherries
- Special Prep: Use an emersion blender directly in the shaker tin. Blend intill frothy.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/pina_colada.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Piña Colada"
categories: [tiki]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/pina_colada/"
iconfile: pina_colada
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum "
youtube: "eH9yt9JpXXk&t=6s"
description: "A classic sweet and refreshing tropical tiki cocktail made with rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut."
excerpt: |
  The Piña Colada is a classic tropical cocktail that is loved by many for its sweet and refreshing flavor. It is made with rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut, and is typically served blended with ice or shaken with ice and strained.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                 |
| ---------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|       2 oz | Light Rum                                                     | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|       1 oz | [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |
|       1 oz | Coconut Milk                                                  |
|       6 oz | Fresh Pineapple Juice                                         |
| 8 to 10 oz | Crushed Ice                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large glass
- Garnish: Pineapple pieces, pineapple fronds and cocktail cherries
- Special Prep: Use an emersion blender directly in the shaker tin. Blend intill frothy.
