recipe/pink_lady.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Pink Lady"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/pink_lady/"
iconfile: pink_lady
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Gin, Apple Brandy "
youtube: "MfHv2EOLUOo&t=336s"
excerpt: |
  The cocktail is probably named in honour of the American actress Hazel Dawn (1890-1988), who played the lead role in the 1911 Broadway hit musical comedy The Pink Lady by Ivan Caryll. She rose to fame playing this role and subsequently appeared in 15 feature films, but always retained The Pink Lady nickname.<br><br>The cocktail's creator is not recorded, but sometimes it is attributed to the American actress and interior decorator Elsie de Wolfe (1859-1950).
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand               |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Gin                                             | Broker's London Dry |
|  0.5 oz | Apple Brandy                                    | Laird's Straight    |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the Egg white or aquafaba.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/pink_lady.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Pink Lady"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/pink_lady/"
iconfile: pink_lady
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Gin, Apple Brandy "
youtube: "MfHv2EOLUOo&t=336s"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era sour with a beautiful pink hue, featuring gin, apple brandy, and grenadine, with an egg white for a frothy texture."
excerpt: |
  The cocktail is probably named in honour of the American actress Hazel Dawn (1890-1988), who played the lead role in the 1911 Broadway hit musical comedy The Pink Lady by Ivan Caryll. She rose to fame playing this role and subsequently appeared in 15 feature films, but always retained The Pink Lady nickname.<br><br>The cocktail's creator is not recorded, but sometimes it is attributed to the American actress and interior decorator Elsie de Wolfe (1859-1950).
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand               |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Gin                                             | Broker's London Dry |
|  0.5 oz | Apple Brandy                                    | Laird's Straight    |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
|  0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Raw Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the Egg white or aquafaba.
