recipe/pink_pearl.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
title: "Pink Pearl"
permalink: "/recipe/pink_pearl/"
iconfile: pink_pearl
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Grenadine, Grapefruit Juice, Lemon Juice"
youtube: "s0nUq0Q9yUk"
excerpt: |
  A classic 1937 Cafe Royal mocktail with a big hit of grapefruit.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White                                       |
| 0.75 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|  1.5 oz | Grapefruit Juice                                |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick &amp; Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep:
  - Expressed grapefruit oil.
  - For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/pink_pearl.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
title: "Pink Pearl"
permalink: "/recipe/pink_pearl/"
iconfile: pink_pearl
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Grenadine, Grapefruit Juice, Lemon Juice"
youtube: "s0nUq0Q9yUk"
description: "A classic non-alcoholic cocktail from 1937 with a big, refreshing hit of grapefruit."
excerpt: |
  A classic 1937 Cafe Royal mocktail with a big hit of grapefruit.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White                                       |
| 0.75 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|  1.5 oz | Grapefruit Juice                                |
|  0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick &amp; Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep:
  - Expressed grapefruit oil.
  - For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white.
