recipe/pink_squirrel.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Pink Squirrel"
eras: [modern]
categories: [after_dinner, ice_cream]
permalink: "/recipe/pink_squirrel/"
iconfile: pink_squirrel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Crème de Noyaux, White Crème de Cacao "
youtube: "kRPWDOCVByk&t=164s"
excerpt: |
  The Pink Squirrel cocktail is boozy, creamy and easy to make. It combines the unusual liqueur, creme de noyaux, with creme de cacao and heavy cream, and ties to a legendary Midwest cocktail bar.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient           | Brand         |
| -------: | -------------------- | ------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Crème de Noyaux      | Tempus Fugit  |
|   1.5 oz | White Crème de Cacao | Marie Brizard |
|     1 oz | Heavy Cream          |
| 3 scoops | Vanilla Ice Cream    |
| 0.25 cup | Crushed Ice          |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the shaking tin
- Glassware: Large Glass
- Garnish: Grated Nutmeg and Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep:
  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin.
  - Pour cocktail into glass.
  - Top With [Chartreuse Whipped Cream]({%link recipe/chartreuse_whipped_cream.md%}).

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/pink_squirrel.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Pink Squirrel"
eras: [modern]
categories: [after_dinner, ice_cream]
permalink: "/recipe/pink_squirrel/"
iconfile: pink_squirrel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Crème de Noyaux, White Crème de Cacao "
youtube: "kRPWDOCVByk&t=164s"
description: "A creamy, sweet after-dinner drink and Midwest classic, this cocktail gets its unique flavor and pink color from crème de noyaux."
excerpt: |
  The Pink Squirrel cocktail is boozy, creamy and easy to make. It combines the unusual liqueur, creme de noyaux, with creme de cacao and heavy cream, and ties to a legendary Midwest cocktail bar.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient           | Brand         |
| -------: | -------------------- | ------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Crème de Noyaux      | Tempus Fugit  |
|   1.5 oz | White Crème de Cacao | Marie Brizard |
|     1 oz | Heavy Cream          |
| 3 scoops | Vanilla Ice Cream    |
| 0.25 cup | Crushed Ice          |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the shaking tin
- Glassware: Large Glass
- Garnish: Grated Nutmeg and Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep:
  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin.
  - Pour cocktail into glass.
  - Top With [Chartreuse Whipped Cream]({%link recipe/chartreuse_whipped_cream.md%}).
