recipe/placebo.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders, tiki]
title: "Placebo (NA Painkiller)"
permalink: "/recipe/placebo/"
iconfile: placebo
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Pineapple, Orange, Cream of Coconut"
youtube: "5wgvpo-xBnA"
excerpt: |
  This cocktail is a tropical blend of pineapple juice, orange juice, cream of coconut, lime juice, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand |
| ------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ----- |
|    6 oz | Pineapple Juice                                               |
|    2 oz | Fresh Orange Juice                                            |
|    2 oz | [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                              |
| 1 pinch | Ground Cinnamon                                               |
|   1 cup | Crushed Ice                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Shaker Tin
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Tiki, Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg, pineapple fronds, & tiki umbrella
- Special Prep: Add all ingredients to the larger shaker tin and blend with an emersion blender.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/placebo.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders, tiki]
title: "Placebo (NA Painkiller)"
permalink: "/recipe/placebo/"
iconfile: placebo
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Pineapple, Orange, Cream of Coconut"
youtube: "5wgvpo-xBnA"
description: "A non-alcoholic, tropical blend of pineapple juice, orange juice, cream of coconut, and spices, inspired by the Painkiller cocktail."
excerpt: |
  This cocktail is a tropical blend of pineapple juice, orange juice, cream of coconut, lime juice, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand |
| ------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ----- |
|    6 oz | Pineapple Juice                                               |
|    2 oz | Fresh Orange Juice                                            |
|    2 oz | [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                              |
| 1 pinch | Ground Cinnamon                                               |
|   1 cup | Crushed Ice                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Shaker Tin
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Tiki, Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg, pineapple fronds, & tiki umbrella
- Special Prep: Add all ingredients to the larger shaker tin and blend with an emersion blender.
