recipe/port_light.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Sandro Conti
title: "Port Light"
eras: [modern]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/port_light/"
iconfile: port_light
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Bourbon"
youtube: "-DnpmdGBmgs&t=433s"
excerpt: |
  The Port Light is a unique tiki cocktail that deviates from the traditional rum base by using bourbon instead. It was created by Sandro Conti for the Kahiki restaurant in Columbus, Ohio, in the early 1960s.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand               |
| -----: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|   2 oz | Bourbon                                                       | Grand-Dad 100 Proof |
| 0.5 oz | [Passion Fruit Syrup]({%link recipe/passion_fruit_syrup.md%}) |                     |
| 0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%})               |                     |
|   1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Tiki Glass
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Pineapple Fronds and Cocktail Umbrella
- Special Prep: Top with additional crushed ice

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/port_light.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Sandro Conti
title: "Port Light"
eras: [modern]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/port_light/"
iconfile: port_light
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Bourbon"
youtube: "-DnpmdGBmgs&t=433s"
description: "A unique tiki cocktail from the 1960s that deviates from the traditional rum base by using bourbon instead."
excerpt: |
  The Port Light is a unique tiki cocktail that deviates from the traditional rum base by using bourbon instead. It was created by Sandro Conti for the Kahiki restaurant in Columbus, Ohio, in the early 1960s.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand               |
| -----: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
|   2 oz | Bourbon                                                       | Grand-Dad 100 Proof |
| 0.5 oz | [Passion Fruit Syrup]({%link recipe/passion_fruit_syrup.md%}) |                     |
| 0.5 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%})               |                     |
|   1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Tiki Glass
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Pineapple Fronds and Cocktail Umbrella
- Special Prep: Top with additional crushed ice
