recipe/prescription_julep.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Prescription Julep"
categories: [julep]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/prescription_julep/"
iconfile: prescription_julep
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Cognac, Rye "
youtube: "xfLW5Na9QpM"
excerpt: |
  The Prescription Julep is a classic cocktail that dates back to the mid-1800s. It's a refreshing and complex drink that combines the flavors of rye whiskey, cognac, mint, and sugar.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                 |
| ------------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|        1.5 oz | Cognac                                                   | Maison Rouge V.S.O.P. |
|        0.5 oz | Rye                                                      | Rittenhouse 100 Proof |
|        0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 6 to 8 leaves | Mint                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - Julep Cup
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint Sprig
- Special Prep: Add mint leaves directly to the shaking tin. Then build the cocktail. Top with additional crushed ice.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/prescription_julep.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Prescription Julep"
categories: [julep]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/prescription_julep/"
iconfile: prescription_julep
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Cognac, Rye "
youtube: "xfLW5Na9QpM"
description: "A classic and complex julep from the mid-1800s that combines both rye whiskey and cognac with fresh mint."
excerpt: |
  The Prescription Julep is a classic cocktail that dates back to the mid-1800s. It's a refreshing and complex drink that combines the flavors of rye whiskey, cognac, mint, and sugar.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                 |
| ------------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|        1.5 oz | Cognac                                                   | Maison Rouge V.S.O.P. |
|        0.5 oz | Rye                                                      | Rittenhouse 100 Proof |
|        0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 6 to 8 leaves | Mint                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - Julep Cup
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint Sprig
- Special Prep: Add mint leaves directly to the shaking tin. Then build the cocktail. Top with additional crushed ice.
