recipe/psycho_killer.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Psycho Killer"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/psycho_killer/"
iconfile: psycho_killer
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Irish Whiskey, Campari, White Crème de Cacao, Banane du Brésil"
youtube: "u0N9FFJ1i5c"
excerpt: |
  White cacao and banana liqueur balance the dry, bitter duo of cocoa nibs and Campari in this elegant Irish whiskey cocktail from The Dead Rabbit.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                          | Brand                    |
| -------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
|     2 oz | Irish Whiskey                                                       | Red Breast 12 year       |
|  0.75 oz | [Cocoa Nib Infused Campari]({%link recipe/cocoa_nib_campari.md -%}) | Campari                  |
|   0.5 oz | White Crème de Cacao                                                | Marie Brizard            |
|   0.5 oz | Banana Liquor                                                       | Giffard Banane du Brésil |
| 2 dashes | Absinthe                                                            |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/psycho_killer.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Psycho Killer"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/psycho_killer/"
iconfile: psycho_killer
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Irish Whiskey, Campari, White Crème de Cacao, Banane du Brésil"
youtube: "u0N9FFJ1i5c"
description: "An elegant and complex modern Irish whiskey cocktail from The Dead Rabbit, featuring Campari, white cacao, and banana liqueur."
excerpt: |
  White cacao and banana liqueur balance the dry, bitter duo of cocoa nibs and Campari in this elegant Irish whiskey cocktail from The Dead Rabbit.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                          | Brand                    |
| -------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
|     2 oz | Irish Whiskey                                                       | Red Breast 12 year       |
|  0.75 oz | [Cocoa Nib Infused Campari]({%link recipe/cocoa_nib_campari.md -%}) | Campari                  |
|   0.5 oz | White Crème de Cacao                                                | Marie Brizard            |
|   0.5 oz | Banana Liquor                                                       | Giffard Banane du Brésil |
| 2 dashes | Absinthe                                                            |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None
