recipe/rolls_royce.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Rolls Royce"
categories: [martini]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/rolls_royce/"
iconfile: rolls_royce
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Bénédictine"
youtube: "UJJqbCGHsOg"
excerpt: |
  The Rolls Royce cocktail is a sophisticated and elegant drink, fitting for its luxurious namesake. It's a variation of the Martini, with the addition of sweet vermouth and Benedictine, which add complexity and depth to the classic gin and dry vermouth base.
---

### Ingredients

|      Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                            |
| ----------: | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
|        2 oz | Gin            | Martin Miller's                  |
|      0.5 oz | Dry Vermouth   | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Dry   |
|      0.5 oz | Sweet Vermouth | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Rouge |
| 2 barspoons | Bénédictine    | Bénédictine DOM                  |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lemon peal
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/rolls_royce.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Rolls Royce"
categories: [martini]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/rolls_royce/"
iconfile: rolls_royce
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Bénédictine"
youtube: "UJJqbCGHsOg"
description: "A sophisticated and elegant Prohibition-era Martini variation, featuring the addition of both sweet vermouth and Bénédictine."
excerpt: |
  The Rolls Royce cocktail is a sophisticated and elegant drink, fitting for its luxurious namesake. It's a variation of the Martini, with the addition of sweet vermouth and Benedictine, which add complexity and depth to the classic gin and dry vermouth base.
---

### Ingredients

|      Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                            |
| ----------: | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
|        2 oz | Gin            | Martin Miller's                  |
|      0.5 oz | Dry Vermouth   | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Dry   |
|      0.5 oz | Sweet Vermouth | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Rouge |
| 2 barspoons | Bénédictine    | Bénédictine DOM                  |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lemon peal
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil
