recipe/rum_tea_toddy.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Rum & Black Tea Toddy"
categories: [toddy]
eras: [classic, modern]
permalink: "/recipe/rum_tea_toddy/"
iconfile: rum_tea_toddy
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum"
youtube: "DJtBN6yBnsA"
excerpt: |
  The classic hot toddy is a comforting and warming beverage that has been used for centuries to soothe ailments and warm the soul.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                   |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|    1.5 oz | Jamaican Rum                                             | Appleton Estate 12 Year |
|    0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|    .25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
| 4 to 5 oz | Black Tea                                                |
|   1 stick | Cinnamon                                                 |
|   4 whole | Cloves                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Mug
- Garnish: Clove-studded lemon peel
- Special Prep: Express the lemon oil over the drink, then stud the peel with the cloves

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/rum_tea_toddy.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Rum & Black Tea Toddy"
categories: [toddy]
eras: [classic, modern]
permalink: "/recipe/rum_tea_toddy/"
iconfile: rum_tea_toddy
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum"
youtube: "DJtBN6yBnsA"
description: "A comforting and classic hot toddy that combines the warmth of Jamaican rum with black tea."
excerpt: |
  The classic hot toddy is a comforting and warming beverage that has been used for centuries to soothe ailments and warm the soul.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                   |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|    1.5 oz | Jamaican Rum                                             | Appleton Estate 12 Year |
|    0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|    .25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
| 4 to 5 oz | Black Tea                                                |
|   1 stick | Cinnamon                                                 |
|   4 whole | Cloves                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Mug
- Garnish: Clove-studded lemon peel
- Special Prep: Express the lemon oil over the drink, then stud the peel with the cloves
