recipe/sangria.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sangria"
eras: [classic]
categories: [punch]
permalink: "/recipe/sangria/"
iconfile: sangria
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Red Wine, Oloroso Sherry, Grand Marnier "
youtube: "NNI--bxevNo"
excerpt: |
  A punch, sangria traditionally consists of red wine and chopped fruit, often with other ingredients or spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand           |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 0.5 whole | Orange                                                   |
| 0.5 whole | Lemon                                                    |
| 0.5 whole | Apple                                                    |
|      3 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|      4 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|      4 oz | Grand Marnier                                            | Grand Marnier   |
|      6 oz | Olorosso Sherry                                          | Lustau Don Nuño |
|    750 ml | Red Wine Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages                 |
|    0.5 oz | Soda Water (Optional)                                    |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Pitcher
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the pitcher
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Soaked fruit
- Special Prep: Top glasses with soda water

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/sangria.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sangria"
eras: [classic]
categories: [punch]
permalink: "/recipe/sangria/"
iconfile: sangria
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Red Wine, Oloroso Sherry, Grand Marnier "
youtube: "NNI--bxevNo"
description: "A classic and festive Spanish punch, traditionally consisting of red wine, sherry, and chopped fruit, often with other spirits."
excerpt: |
  A punch, sangria traditionally consists of red wine and chopped fruit, often with other ingredients or spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand           |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 0.5 whole | Orange                                                   |
| 0.5 whole | Lemon                                                    |
| 0.5 whole | Apple                                                    |
|      3 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|      4 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|      4 oz | Grand Marnier                                            | Grand Marnier   |
|      6 oz | Olorosso Sherry                                          | Lustau Don Nuño |
|    750 ml | Red Wine Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages                 |
|    0.5 oz | Soda Water (Optional)                                    |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Pitcher
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the pitcher
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Soaked fruit
- Special Prep: Top glasses with soda water
