recipe/see_no_evil.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "See No Evil"
categories: [sour]
eras: [anders]
permalink: "/recipe/see_no_evil/"
iconfile: see_no_evil
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Mezcal "
youtube: "xRJ9uAzTcaE"
excerpt: |
  The See No Evil is a smoky, spicy cocktail created by Anders Erickson.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                      |
| ------------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|        1.5 oz | Mezcal                                          | Del Maguey Vida            |
|       0.75 oz | [Orgeat Syrup]({%link recipe/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
|       0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|      3 dashes | Tabasco                                         | Tabasco                    |
| 4 to 5 dashes | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg and mint sprig
- Special Prep: Open pour the cocktail into the glass. Top with additional crushed ice. Dash bitters on top.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/see_no_evil.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "See No Evil"
categories: [sour]
eras: [anders]
permalink: "/recipe/see_no_evil/"
iconfile: see_no_evil
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Mezcal "
youtube: "xRJ9uAzTcaE"
description: "A smoky and spicy original sour cocktail featuring mezcal as its base."
excerpt: |
  The See No Evil is a smoky, spicy cocktail created by Anders Erickson.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                      |
| ------------: | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|        1.5 oz | Mezcal                                          | Del Maguey Vida            |
|       0.75 oz | [Orgeat Syrup]({%link recipe/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
|       0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|      3 dashes | Tabasco                                         | Tabasco                    |
| 4 to 5 dashes | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg and mint sprig
- Special Prep: Open pour the cocktail into the glass. Top with additional crushed ice. Dash bitters on top.
