recipe/shamrock.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Shamrock"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/shamrock/"
iconfile: shamrock
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Irish Whiskey, Green Chartreuse, Crème de Menthe"
youtube: "3a1nwtD8yyE"
excerpt: |
  Adapted from a recipe in Hugo R. Ensslin's 1917 <i>Recipes for Mixed Drinks (2nd Edition)</i>.<br>
  <blockquote><strong>SHAMROCK COCKTAIL</strong><br>½ Irish Whiskey<br>½ French Vermouth<br>3 dashes Chartreuse (green)<br>3 dashes Crème de Menthe<br>Stir well with cracked ice, strain and serve with an olive in the glass.<cite>Hugo R. Ensslin, 1917</cite></blockquote>The Shamrock also notably appears in Harry Craddock's 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i>.<br><blockquote><strong>SHAMROCK COCKTAIL.</strong><br>3 Dashes Green Crème de Menthe.<br>3 Dashes Green Chartreuse.<br>½ French Vermouth.<br>½ Irish Whisky.<br>Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.<cite>Harry Craddock, 1930</cite></blockquote>	
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                            |
| ---------: | ---------------- | -------------------------------- |
|    1.5 oz. | Irish Whiskey    | Powers Gold Label                |
|    1.5 oz. | Blanc Vermouth   | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
|    0.25 oz | Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse                 |
| 1 barspoon | Crème de Menthe  | Tempus Fugit                     |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Mint leaves
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/shamrock.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Shamrock"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/shamrock/"
iconfile: shamrock
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Irish Whiskey, Green Chartreuse, Crème de Menthe"
youtube: "3a1nwtD8yyE"
description: "A classic cocktail from the early 20th century that combines Irish whiskey with the herbal flavors of Green Chartreuse and crème de menthe."
excerpt: |
  Adapted from a recipe in Hugo R. Ensslin's 1917 <i>Recipes for Mixed Drinks (2nd Edition)</i>.<br>
  <blockquote><strong>SHAMROCK COCKTAIL</strong><br>½ Irish Whiskey<br>½ French Vermouth<br>3 dashes Chartreuse (green)<br>3 dashes Crème de Menthe<br>Stir well with cracked ice, strain and serve with an olive in the glass.<cite>Hugo R. Ensslin, 1917</cite></blockquote>The Shamrock also notably appears in Harry Craddock's 1930 <i>The Savoy Cocktail Book</i>.<br><blockquote><strong>SHAMROCK COCKTAIL.</strong><br>3 Dashes Green Crème de Menthe.<br>3 Dashes Green Chartreuse.<br>½ French Vermouth.<br>½ Irish Whisky.<br>Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.<cite>Harry Craddock, 1930</cite></blockquote>	
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                            |
| ---------: | ---------------- | -------------------------------- |
|    1.5 oz. | Irish Whiskey    | Powers Gold Label                |
|    1.5 oz. | Blanc Vermouth   | Dolin Blanc Vermouth de Chambéry |
|    0.25 oz | Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse                 |
| 1 barspoon | Crème de Menthe  | Tempus Fugit                     |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Mint leaves
- Special Prep: None
