recipe/shoddy_toddy.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Shoddy Toddy"
categories: [toddy]
eras: [anders]
permalink: "/recipe/shoddy_toddy/"
iconfile: shoddy_toddy
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Bénédictine"
youtube: "CfKrIWRMrNA"
excerpt: |
  This is an Anders original cocktail.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand              |
| --------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
|      1 oz | Gin                                             | St. George         |
|    0.5 oz | Bénédictine                                     | Bénédictine D.O.M. |
|    0.5 oz | [Ginger Syrup]({%link recipe/ginger_syrup.md%}) |
|   0.25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
| 4 to 5 oz | Hot Green Tea                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Mug
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil & clove-studded lemon peel
- Special Prep: Temper the mug with hot water before building the toddy.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/shoddy_toddy.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Shoddy Toddy"
categories: [toddy]
eras: [anders]
permalink: "/recipe/shoddy_toddy/"
iconfile: shoddy_toddy
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Bénédictine"
youtube: "CfKrIWRMrNA"
description: "An original hot toddy featuring a unique combination of gin and the herbal liqueur Bénédictine."
excerpt: |
  This is an Anders original cocktail.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand              |
| --------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
|      1 oz | Gin                                             | St. George         |
|    0.5 oz | Bénédictine                                     | Bénédictine D.O.M. |
|    0.5 oz | [Ginger Syrup]({%link recipe/ginger_syrup.md%}) |
|   0.25 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
| 4 to 5 oz | Hot Green Tea                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Mug
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil & clove-studded lemon peel
- Special Prep: Temper the mug with hot water before building the toddy.
