recipe/sloe_gin_fizz.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sloe Gin Fizz"
categories: [fizz]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/sloe_gin_fizz/"
iconfile: sloe_gin_fizz
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Sloe Gin "
youtube: "gGlTXp_oujk"
excerpt: |
  The Sloe Gin Fizz cocktail is a classic for a reason. See how the tartness of sloe berries influence this tasty drink.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand    |
| --------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
|      2 oz | Sloe Gin                                                  | Plymouth |
|      1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|    0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 to 3 oz | Sparkling Water Topo Chico                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: 1 For variations, drop Sloe Gin to 1.5 oz. (45 ml), & add 0.5 oz. (15 ml) of your preferred spirit (Navy Strength Gin, Cognac, Pisco, or Campari).

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/sloe_gin_fizz.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sloe Gin Fizz"
categories: [fizz]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/sloe_gin_fizz/"
iconfile: sloe_gin_fizz
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Sloe Gin "
youtube: "gGlTXp_oujk"
description: "A classic fizz that highlights the tart and fruity character of sloe berries in a refreshing sour format."
excerpt: |
  The Sloe Gin Fizz cocktail is a classic for a reason. See how the tartness of sloe berries influence this tasty drink.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand    |
| --------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
|      2 oz | Sloe Gin                                                  | Plymouth |
|      1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|    0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 to 3 oz | Sparkling Water Topo Chico                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: 1 For variations, drop Sloe Gin to 1.5 oz. (45 ml), & add 0.5 oz. (15 ml) of your preferred spirit (Navy Strength Gin, Cognac, Pisco, or Campari).
