recipe/southside.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Southside"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/southside/"
iconfile: southside
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin"
youtube: "yxFAGMuM2I"
excerpt: |
  This pre-Prohibition classic is a simple, refreshing mix of gin, citrus, mint and sugar. The exact origins are a bit murky - some say Chicago, others point to New York - but one thing’s clear: it’s a crowd pleaser. 
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand        |
| -------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
|           2 oz | Gin                                                       | The Botanist |
|         0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|         0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                          |
|        0.75 oz | [Semi-rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 6 to 10 leaves | Fresh Mint                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Mint sprig
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/southside.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Southside"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/southside/"
iconfile: southside
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin"
youtube: "yxFAGMuM2I"
description: "A simple and refreshing pre-Prohibition classic sour that combines gin, citrus, and fresh mint."
excerpt: |
  This pre-Prohibition classic is a simple, refreshing mix of gin, citrus, mint and sugar. The exact origins are a bit murky - some say Chicago, others point to New York - but one thing’s clear: it’s a crowd pleaser. 
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand        |
| -------------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
|           2 oz | Gin                                                       | The Botanist |
|         0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|         0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                          |
|        0.75 oz | [Semi-rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 6 to 10 leaves | Fresh Mint                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice Cube
- Garnish: Mint sprig
- Special Prep: None
