recipe/soyer_au_champagne.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Soyer au Champagne"
eras: [modern]
categories: [after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/soyer_au_champagne/"
iconfile: soyer_au_champagne
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Champagne, Cognac, Bénédictine"
youtube: "mhXp-T53DAs"
excerpt: |
  The Soyer au Champagne is a luxurious and elegant cocktail, often described as an adult version of an ice cream float. It's a delightful blend of cognac, orange curaçao, maraschino liqueur, Champagne, and vanilla ice cream.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                 |
| ------------: | ----------------- | --------------------- |
| 1 small scoop | Vanilla Ice Cream |
|        0.5 oz | Cognac            | Maison Rouge V.S.O.P. |
|        0.5 oz | Orange Liqueur    | Grand Marnier         |
|        0.5 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM       |
|   1 to 1.5 oz | Brut Champagne    | Laurent-Perrier       |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: 
    1. Place the ice cream into the coupe and press it down so it adheres to the bottom of the glass. 
    1. Freeze for 15 to 20 minutes. 
    1. Pour cocktail around the ice cream. 
    1. Top with 1 to 1.5 ounces of champagne. 
    1. Serve with a small spoon.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/soyer_au_champagne.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Soyer au Champagne"
eras: [modern]
categories: [after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/soyer_au_champagne/"
iconfile: soyer_au_champagne
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Champagne, Cognac, Bénédictine"
youtube: "mhXp-T53DAs"
description: "A luxurious and elegant classic cocktail, often described as an adult ice cream float, combining cognac, liqueurs, Champagne, and vanilla ice cream."
excerpt: |
  The Soyer au Champagne is a luxurious and elegant cocktail, often described as an adult version of an ice cream float. It's a delightful blend of cognac, orange curaçao, maraschino liqueur, Champagne, and vanilla ice cream.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                 |
| ------------: | ----------------- | --------------------- |
| 1 small scoop | Vanilla Ice Cream |
|        0.5 oz | Cognac            | Maison Rouge V.S.O.P. |
|        0.5 oz | Orange Liqueur    | Grand Marnier         |
|        0.5 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM       |
|   1 to 1.5 oz | Brut Champagne    | Laurent-Perrier       |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: 
    1. Place the ice cream into the coupe and press it down so it adheres to the bottom of the glass. 
    1. Freeze for 15 to 20 minutes. 
    1. Pour cocktail around the ice cream. 
    1. Top with 1 to 1.5 ounces of champagne. 
    1. Serve with a small spoon.
