recipe/spanish_coffee.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Spanish Coffee"
eras: [classic]
categories: [after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/spanish_coffee/"
iconfile: spanish_coffee
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Overproof Jamaican Rum, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "p3X7_-TVIDs"
excerpt: |
  Or 'carajillo', is a coffee drink enjoyed throughout many Spanish-speaking countries. It's made with booze — usually rum, brandy or Licor 43.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                 |
| --------: | -------------- | --------------------- |
|   0.75 oz | Overproof Rum  | Hamilton 151 Demerara |
|      1 oz | Coffee Liqueur | St. George NOLA       |
|    0.5 oz | Orange Curaçao | Marie Brizard         |
| 2 to 3 oz | Hot Coffee     |                       |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Coffee Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg & burnt sugared rim
- Special Prep:
  - Sugar the rim of the glass.
  - Add the overproof rum to the glass.
  - Light it on fire.
  - Extinguish the flames when the sugar is caramelized.
  - Add the remaining ingredients to the glass.
  - Top with lightly whipped heavy cream

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/spanish_coffee.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Spanish Coffee"
eras: [classic]
categories: [after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/spanish_coffee/"
iconfile: spanish_coffee
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Overproof Jamaican Rum, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "p3X7_-TVIDs"
description: "A classic after-dinner drink, also known as a carajillo, made with coffee and a spirit—usually rum, brandy, or Licor 43."
excerpt: |
  Or 'carajillo', is a coffee drink enjoyed throughout many Spanish-speaking countries. It's made with booze — usually rum, brandy or Licor 43.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                 |
| --------: | -------------- | --------------------- |
|   0.75 oz | Overproof Rum  | Hamilton 151 Demerara |
|      1 oz | Coffee Liqueur | St. George NOLA       |
|    0.5 oz | Orange Curaçao | Marie Brizard         |
| 2 to 3 oz | Hot Coffee     |                       |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Coffee Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg & burnt sugared rim
- Special Prep:
  - Sugar the rim of the glass.
  - Add the overproof rum to the glass.
  - Light it on fire.
  - Extinguish the flames when the sugar is caramelized.
  - Add the remaining ingredients to the glass.
  - Top with lightly whipped heavy cream
