recipe/spring_forward.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Spring Forward"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/spring_forward/"
iconfile: spring_forward
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Pisco, Gin, Cocchi Americano"
youtube: "RRvfkkSjceM"
excerpt: |
  The Spring Forward cocktail is a light and refreshing drink that's perfect for the warmer months.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| 1 whole | Strawberry                                                |
|  0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|    1 oz | Pisco                                                     | Barsol Quebranta |
|  0.5 oz | Gin                                                       | Plymouth         |
| 0.75 oz | Cocchi Americano                                          | Cocchi Americano |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Basil
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/spring_forward.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Spring Forward"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/spring_forward/"
iconfile: spring_forward
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Pisco, Gin, Cocchi Americano"
youtube: "RRvfkkSjceM"
description: "A light and refreshing original cocktail perfect for warmer months, featuring a unique combination of pisco, gin, and Cocchi Americano."
excerpt: |
  The Spring Forward cocktail is a light and refreshing drink that's perfect for the warmer months.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| 1 whole | Strawberry                                                |
|  0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|    1 oz | Pisco                                                     | Barsol Quebranta |
|  0.5 oz | Gin                                                       | Plymouth         |
| 0.75 oz | Cocchi Americano                                          | Cocchi Americano |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Basil
- Special Prep: None
