recipe/tequila_sunrise.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
type: multirecipe
title: "Tequila Sunrise"
eras: [classic]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/tequila_sunrise/"
iconfile: tequila_sunrise
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Crème de Cassis, Blanco Tequila -OR- Reposado Tequila "
youtube: "VNaSpZ3YOoM"
excerpt: |
  The Tequila Sunrise was created in the early 1970s by Bobby Lozoff and Billy Rice at the Trident bar in Sausalito, California. The cocktail achieved notoriety after a member of the Rolling Stones tasted it at a party to kick off the 1972 tour. The band began ordering it at stops across the country and even dubbed the tour “the cocaine and Tequila Sunrise tour,” which helped to propel the drink’s popularity.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                                   |
| --------: | ---------------- | --------------------------------------- |
|    1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila | Siete Leguas                            |
|   0.75 oz | Creme de Cassis  | Jules Theuriet Creme de Cassis de Dijon |
|    0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice |
| 4 to 5 oz | Soda Water       |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Collins Glass
- Garnish: Lime wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## 1970s Version

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient     | Brand        |
| -----: | -------------- | ------------ |
|   2 oz | Blanco Tequila | Siete Leguas |
|   4 oz | Orange Juice   |
| 0.5 oz | Grenadine      | Monin        |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Collins Glass
- Garnish: Orange slice
- Special Prep: Stir orange juice and tequilla, then pour the grenadine down the side of the glass.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Modified

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                   |
| --------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
|    1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila                                | Siete Leguas                            |
|    0.5 oz | Creme de Cassis                                 | Jules Theuriet Creme de Cassis de Dijon |
|   0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|   0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|    1 dash | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters              |
| 4 to 5 oz | Soda Water                                      |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Collins Glass
- Garnish: Lime wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/tequila_sunrise.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
type: multirecipe
title: "Tequila Sunrise"
eras: [classic]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/tequila_sunrise/"
iconfile: tequila_sunrise
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Crème de Cassis, Blanco Tequila -OR- Reposado Tequila "
youtube: "VNaSpZ3YOoM"
description: 'A classic and visually stunning cocktail from the early 1970s, known for its layered "sunrise" effect created by floating grenadine in tequila and orange juice.'
excerpt: |
  The Tequila Sunrise was created in the early 1970s by Bobby Lozoff and Billy Rice at the Trident bar in Sausalito, California. The cocktail achieved notoriety after a member of the Rolling Stones tasted it at a party to kick off the 1972 tour. The band began ordering it at stops across the country and even dubbed the tour “the cocaine and Tequila Sunrise tour,” which helped to propel the drink’s popularity.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                                   |
| --------: | ---------------- | --------------------------------------- |
|    1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila | Siete Leguas                            |
|   0.75 oz | Creme de Cassis  | Jules Theuriet Creme de Cassis de Dijon |
|    0.5 oz | Fresh Lime Juice |
| 4 to 5 oz | Soda Water       |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Collins Glass
- Garnish: Lime wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## 1970s Version

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient     | Brand        |
| -----: | -------------- | ------------ |
|   2 oz | Blanco Tequila | Siete Leguas |
|   4 oz | Orange Juice   |
| 0.5 oz | Grenadine      | Monin        |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Collins Glass
- Garnish: Orange slice
- Special Prep: Stir orange juice and tequilla, then pour the grenadine down the side of the glass.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Modified

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                   |
| --------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
|    1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila                                | Siete Leguas                            |
|    0.5 oz | Creme de Cassis                                 | Jules Theuriet Creme de Cassis de Dijon |
|   0.25 oz | [Grenadine]({%link recipe/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|   0.75 oz | Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|    1 dash | Bitters                                         | Angostura Aromatic Bitters              |
| 4 to 5 oz | Soda Water                                      |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Collins Glass
- Garnish: Lime wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
