recipe/three_shades_of_green.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: The Consulate UWS
title: "Three Shades of Green"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/three_shades_of_green/"
iconfile: three_shades_of_green
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Green Chartreuse"
youtube: "https://uws.theconsulate.nyc/new-york-upper-west-side-the-consulate-drink-menu"
excerpt: |
  This is an original cocktail from a Upper Westside restaurant, the Consulate.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Gin                                                       |
|   0.5 oz | Green Chartreuse                                          | Green Chartreuse |
|   0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|   0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| 3 slices | Cucumber                                                  |
| 5 leaves | Basil                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Cucumber wheel
- Special Prep: Add the basil and cucumber wheels to the cheater tin and muddle into a paste. Add other ingredients to the large tin and add ice. Combine the contents of both tins, and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/three_shades_of_green.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: The Consulate UWS
title: "Three Shades of Green"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/three_shades_of_green/"
iconfile: three_shades_of_green
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Green Chartreuse"
youtube: "https://uws.theconsulate.nyc/new-york-upper-west-side-the-consulate-drink-menu"
description: "An original modern cocktail with a complex herbal profile from gin and Green Chartreuse."
excerpt: |
  This is an original cocktail from a Upper Westside restaurant, the Consulate.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Gin                                                       |
|   0.5 oz | Green Chartreuse                                          | Green Chartreuse |
|   0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
|   0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| 3 slices | Cucumber                                                  |
| 5 leaves | Basil                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Cucumber wheel
- Special Prep: Add the basil and cucumber wheels to the cheater tin and muddle into a paste. Add other ingredients to the large tin and add ice. Combine the contents of both tins, and shake.
