recipe/tom_collins.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Tom Collins"
author: "Anders Erickson"
categories: [collins]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/tom_collins/"
iconfile: tom_collins
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Old Tom Gin "
youtube: "DKkHTEozo7o"
excerpt: |
  The classic Tom Collins is a straightforward and refreshing cocktail that combines gin with lemon juice, sugar and club soda.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand    |
| --------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
|      2 oz | Old Tom Gin                                               | Scofflaw |
|      1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|    0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 to 3 oz | Soda Water                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass with ice and top with soda water.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/tom_collins.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Tom Collins"
author: "Anders Erickson"
categories: [collins]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/tom_collins/"
iconfile: tom_collins
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Old Tom Gin "
youtube: "DKkHTEozo7o"
description: "A classic and straightforwardly refreshing Collins cocktail that combines Old Tom gin with lemon juice, sugar, and club soda."
excerpt: |
  The classic Tom Collins is a straightforward and refreshing cocktail that combines gin with lemon juice, sugar and club soda.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand    |
| --------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
|      2 oz | Old Tom Gin                                               | Scofflaw |
|      1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|    0.5 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 to 3 oz | Soda Water                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass with ice and top with soda water.
