recipe/toreador.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Toreador"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/toreador/"
iconfile: toreador
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila, Apricot Liqueur, Amontillado Sherry "
youtube: "3aV3DzDfW_A"
excerpt: |
  The Toreador is a classic cocktail that predates the Margarita and showcases tequila in a balanced and approachable way. It's a great choice for those who want to explore tequila beyond the classic Margarita.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                         |
| ---------: | ------------------ | ----------------------------- |
|     1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila   | Milagro                       |
|    0.75 oz | Apricot Liqueur    | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon |
|     0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice  |
|    0.25 oz | Amontillado Sherry | Lustau Los Arcos              |
| 1 barspoon | Light Agave Nectar |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/toreador.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Toreador"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/toreador/"
iconfile: toreador
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila, Apricot Liqueur, Amontillado Sherry "
youtube: "3aV3DzDfW_A"
description: "A classic cocktail that predates the Margarita, showcasing tequila in a balanced and approachable sour format with apricot liqueur."
excerpt: |
  The Toreador is a classic cocktail that predates the Margarita and showcases tequila in a balanced and approachable way. It's a great choice for those who want to explore tequila beyond the classic Margarita.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                         |
| ---------: | ------------------ | ----------------------------- |
|     1.5 oz | Reposado Tequila   | Milagro                       |
|    0.75 oz | Apricot Liqueur    | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon |
|     0.5 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice  |
|    0.25 oz | Amontillado Sherry | Lustau Los Arcos              |
| 1 barspoon | Light Agave Nectar |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None
