recipe/toronto_cocktail.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Toronto Cocktail"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/toronto_cocktail/"
iconfile: toronto_cocktail
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Rye, Fernet Branca"
youtube: "fQfVijUec0A"
excerpt: |
  The Mezcal Negroni is a smoky take on the classic Italian aperitivo. To make it, swap mezcal for gin, and stir with Campari and sweet vermouth.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                              |
| -------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Rye                                                      | Union Horse Distilling Co. Reunion |
|  0.25 oz | Fernet Branca                                            | Fernet Branca                      |
|  0.25 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                  | Angostura Aromatic Bitters         |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Flamed Orange Rind

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/toronto_cocktail.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Toronto Cocktail"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/toronto_cocktail/"
iconfile: toronto_cocktail
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Rye, Fernet Branca"
youtube: "fQfVijUec0A"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era cocktail that tempers the spice of rye whiskey with the intensely bitter and herbal notes of Fernet Branca."
excerpt: |
  The Mezcal Negroni is a smoky take on the classic Italian aperitivo. To make it, swap mezcal for gin, and stir with Campari and sweet vermouth.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                              |
| -------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Rye                                                      | Union Horse Distilling Co. Reunion |
|  0.25 oz | Fernet Branca                                            | Fernet Branca                      |
|  0.25 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                  | Angostura Aromatic Bitters         |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Flamed Orange Rind
