recipe/vieux_carre.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Vieux Carré"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [new_orleans]
permalink: "/recipe/vieux_carre/"
iconfile: vieux_carre
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Rye, Cognac, Bénédictine"
youtube: "cDCdcwuM8yA"
excerpt: |
  The Vieux Carré is a New Orleans cocktail dating back to the 1930s. See how rye, cognac and sweet vermouth create this well-balanced classic.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                      |
| -------: | -------------- | -------------------------- |
|  0.75 oz | Rye            | Rittenhouse 100 Proof      |
|  0.75 oz | Cognac         | Maison Rouge V.S.O.P.      |
|  0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino  |
|   0.5 oz | Bénédictine    | Bénédictine DOM            |
| 2 dashes | Bitters        | Peychaud's                 |
| 2 dashes | Bitters        | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Lemon Twist
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/vieux_carre.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Vieux Carré"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [new_orleans]
permalink: "/recipe/vieux_carre/"
iconfile: vieux_carre
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Rye, Cognac, Bénédictine"
youtube: "cDCdcwuM8yA"
description: "A classic and complex New Orleans cocktail from the 1930s, featuring a rich, spirit-forward blend of rye, cognac, and Bénédictine."
excerpt: |
  The Vieux Carré is a New Orleans cocktail dating back to the 1930s. See how rye, cognac and sweet vermouth create this well-balanced classic.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                      |
| -------: | -------------- | -------------------------- |
|  0.75 oz | Rye            | Rittenhouse 100 Proof      |
|  0.75 oz | Cognac         | Maison Rouge V.S.O.P.      |
|  0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino  |
|   0.5 oz | Bénédictine    | Bénédictine DOM            |
| 2 dashes | Bitters        | Peychaud's                 |
| 2 dashes | Bitters        | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Lemon Twist
- Special Prep: None
