recipe/whiskey_sour.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Whiskey Sour"
author: "Anders Erickson"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/whiskey_sour/"
iconfile: whiskey_sour
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Bourbon "
youtube: "bxTRtiS06W0&t=51s"
excerpt: |
  The classic Whiskey Sour is the most famous representation of one of the worlds most popular types of cocktail. Easy to commit to memory, its simple go-to sour to add to your arsenal, and a cornerstone of drink-making that everyone should know.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand         |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Bourbon                                                  | Buffalo Trace |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|  0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White or Aquafaba (chickpea water)                   |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish:3 drops Angostura Aromatic Bitters, Lemon Oil
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/whiskey_sour.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Whiskey Sour"
author: "Anders Erickson"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/whiskey_sour/"
iconfile: whiskey_sour
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Bourbon "
youtube: "bxTRtiS06W0&t=51s"
description: "A timeless classic and cornerstone of drink-making, this sour perfectly balances the richness of whiskey with the tartness of lemon."
excerpt: |
  The classic Whiskey Sour is the most famous representation of one of the worlds most popular types of cocktail. Easy to commit to memory, its simple go-to sour to add to your arsenal, and a cornerstone of drink-making that everyone should know.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand         |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Bourbon                                                  | Buffalo Trace |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|  0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White or Aquafaba (chickpea water)                   |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish:3 drops Angostura Aromatic Bitters, Lemon Oil
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.
