recipe/whiskey_smash.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Whiskey Smash"
categories: [smash]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/whiskey_smash/"
iconfile: whiskey_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon "
youtube: "Jo1wxAfyLto"
excerpt: |
  With bourbon, lemon and mint, the Whiskey Smash is a citrusy cousin to the Mint Julep. If that sounds good, wait until you make this recipe.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                   |
| ------------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|          2 oz | Bourbon                                                  | Old Grand-Dad 100 Proof |
|        0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|     0.5 whole | Lemon, sliced and de-seeded                              |
| 4 to 8 leaves | Mint                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Low Ball, Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Lemon wheel & mint sprig
- Special Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/whiskey_smash.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Whiskey Smash"
categories: [smash]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/whiskey_smash/"
iconfile: whiskey_smash
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon "
youtube: "Jo1wxAfyLto"
description: "A classic and citrusy cousin to the Mint Julep, this is a refreshing smash made with bourbon, lemon, and mint."
excerpt: |
  With bourbon, lemon and mint, the Whiskey Smash is a citrusy cousin to the Mint Julep. If that sounds good, wait until you make this recipe.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                   |
| ------------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|          2 oz | Bourbon                                                  | Old Grand-Dad 100 Proof |
|        0.5 oz | [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|     0.5 whole | Lemon, sliced and de-seeded                              |
| 4 to 8 leaves | Mint                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Low Ball, Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Lemon wheel & mint sprig
- Special Prep: Cut the half lemon into 8 wedges, remove the center pith and de-seed. Place the lemon pieces into the cheater tin and muddle. put the other ingredients in the large tin, add ice, and shake.
