recipe/white_stallion.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "White Stallion"
eras: [anders]
categories: [after_dinner, ice_cream]
permalink: "/recipe/white_stallion/"
iconfile: white_stallion
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Plymouth Gin, Grand Marnier, Champagne "
youtube: "E1TfYiFrnXk"
excerpt: |
  This bubbly ice cream drink was inspired by two classics found in the Savoy Cocktail Book - the White Cargo and the Silver Stallion.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand           |
| -------: | ----------------- | --------------- |
|  0.75 oz | Gin               | Plymouth        |
|  0.25 oz | Orange Liqueur    | Grand Marnier   |
|   1.5 oz | Champagne         | Taittinger Brut |
| 30 grams | Vanilla Ice Cream |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Champagne Flute
- Garnish: Expressed orange or lemon oil
- Special Prep: Add the gin, orange liqueur and ice cream to a shaking tin and shake till the ice cream has melted and the cocktail is chilled. Add champagne to the flute, then add the cocktail.

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/white_stallion.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "White Stallion"
eras: [anders]
categories: [after_dinner, ice_cream]
permalink: "/recipe/white_stallion/"
iconfile: white_stallion
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Plymouth Gin, Grand Marnier, Champagne "
youtube: "E1TfYiFrnXk"
description: "A bubbly and decadent modern ice cream drink inspired by classic Savoy cocktails, featuring gin, Grand Marnier, and Champagne."
excerpt: |
  This bubbly ice cream drink was inspired by two classics found in the Savoy Cocktail Book - the White Cargo and the Silver Stallion.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand           |
| -------: | ----------------- | --------------- |
|  0.75 oz | Gin               | Plymouth        |
|  0.25 oz | Orange Liqueur    | Grand Marnier   |
|   1.5 oz | Champagne         | Taittinger Brut |
| 30 grams | Vanilla Ice Cream |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Champagne Flute
- Garnish: Expressed orange or lemon oil
- Special Prep: Add the gin, orange liqueur and ice cream to a shaking tin and shake till the ice cream has melted and the cocktail is chilled. Add champagne to the flute, then add the cocktail.
