recipe/white_lady.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Harry MacElhone
title: "The White Lady"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/white_lady/"
iconfile: white_lady
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Triple Sec, Crème de Menthe -OR- Gin "
youtube: "IAmf7XqE0T8"
excerpt: |
  The White Lady cocktail was created by bartender Harry MacElhone and pairs gin with orange liqueur, lemon juice and egg white.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">
## Original

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient        | Brand           |
| ------: | ----------------- | --------------- |
| 0.75 oz | Triple Sec        | Luxardo Triplum |
| 0.75 oz | Crème de Menthe   | Tempus Fugit    |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Updated

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand           |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Gin                                             | Plymouth        |
| 0.75 oz | Triple Sec                                      | Luxardo Triplum |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
| 0.25 oz | [Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

</div>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/white_lady.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Harry MacElhone
title: "The White Lady"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/white_lady/"
iconfile: white_lady
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Triple Sec, Crème de Menthe -OR- Gin "
youtube: "IAmf7XqE0T8"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era sour that pairs the botanicals of gin with orange liqueur, lemon juice, and a silky egg white."
excerpt: |
  The White Lady cocktail was created by bartender Harry MacElhone and pairs gin with orange liqueur, lemon juice and egg white.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">
## Original

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient        | Brand           |
| ------: | ----------------- | --------------- |
| 0.75 oz | Triple Sec        | Luxardo Triplum |
| 0.75 oz | Crème de Menthe   | Tempus Fugit    |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Updated

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand           |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
|  1.5 oz | Gin                                             | Plymouth        |
| 0.75 oz | Triple Sec                                      | Luxardo Triplum |
| 0.75 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                               |
| 0.25 oz | [Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 0.75 oz | Egg White / Aquafaba (chickpea water)           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

</div>
