recipe/wi_old_fashioned.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Wisconsin Old Fashioned"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/wi_old_fashioned/"
iconfile: wi_old_fashioned
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Brandy"
youtube: "wr1pjEwi4P0"
excerpt: |
  A Wisconsin old fashioned is not your typical old fashioned; it muddles sugar, bitters and orange with brandy and finishes with a crisp pour of a sweet or sour soda.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Brandy                                                    | Korbel                     |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |                            |
| 4 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |
| 2 wedges | Orange                                                    |                            |
|  1 whole | Cocktail Cherry                                           |                            |
|   0.5 oz | Wash - See below                                          |                            |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Orange slice and a cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Add the 2 wedges of orange and the cocktail cherry to the glass and muddle. Add the remaining ingredients. Top with the wash of choice.

### Washes

- Sweet:
  - 7 Up
  - Sprite
- Sour:
  - Squirt
  - Fresca
- Soda:
  - Soda Water
- Press:
  - Half Soda Water/Half Sweet
- No Wash:
  - No Floater

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/wi_old_fashioned.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Wisconsin Old Fashioned"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/wi_old_fashioned/"
iconfile: wi_old_fashioned
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Brandy"
youtube: "wr1pjEwi4P0"
description: "A unique regional variation of the Old Fashioned from Wisconsin, which uses brandy, muddled fruit, and is topped with either sweet or sour soda."
excerpt: |
  A Wisconsin old fashioned is not your typical old fashioned; it muddles sugar, bitters and orange with brandy and finishes with a crisp pour of a sweet or sour soda.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Brandy                                                    | Korbel                     |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |                            |
| 4 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |
| 2 wedges | Orange                                                    |                            |
|  1 whole | Cocktail Cherry                                           |                            |
|   0.5 oz | Wash - See below                                          |                            |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Orange slice and a cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Add the 2 wedges of orange and the cocktail cherry to the glass and muddle. Add the remaining ingredients. Top with the wash of choice.

### Washes

- Sweet:
  - 7 Up
  - Sprite
- Sour:
  - Squirt
  - Fresca
- Soda:
  - Soda Water
- Press:
  - Half Soda Water/Half Sweet
- No Wash:
  - No Floater
