recipe/widows_kiss.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Widow's Kiss"
eras: [classic]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/widows_kiss/"
iconfile: widows_kiss
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy, Yellow Chartreuse, Bénédictine "
youtube: "0JqyWyBiFus"
excerpt: |
  A simple, and very potent, classic cocktail with apple brandy, yellow Chartreuse and Benedictine.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Applejack         | Laird's Straight 86        |
|   0.5 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM            |
|   0.5 oz | Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse          |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Contemporary

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Applejack         | Laird's Straight 86        |
|  0.25 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM            |
|  0.25 oz | Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse          |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Anders' Version

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Applejack         | Laird's Straight 86        |
|   0.5 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM            |
|  0.25 oz | Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse          |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lemon Peel
- Special Prep: Express Lemon oil over cocktail

</div>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/widows_kiss.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "The Widow's Kiss"
eras: [classic]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/widows_kiss/"
iconfile: widows_kiss
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy, Yellow Chartreuse, Bénédictine "
youtube: "0JqyWyBiFus"
description: "A potent and herbaceous classic cocktail that features a unique blend of apple brandy with Yellow Chartreuse and Bénédictine."
excerpt: |
  A simple, and very potent, classic cocktail with apple brandy, yellow Chartreuse and Benedictine.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|     1 oz | Applejack         | Laird's Straight 86        |
|   0.5 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM            |
|   0.5 oz | Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse          |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Contemporary

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|     2 oz | Applejack         | Laird's Straight 86        |
|  0.25 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM            |
|  0.25 oz | Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse          |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Anders' Version

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -------: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|   1.5 oz | Applejack         | Laird's Straight 86        |
|   0.5 oz | Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM            |
|  0.25 oz | Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse          |
| 2 dashes | Bitters           | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Lemon Peel
- Special Prep: Express Lemon oil over cocktail

</div>
