recipe/yule_tidal_wave.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Yule Tidal Wave"
eras: [anders]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/yule_tidal_wave/"
iconfile: yule_tidal_wave
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rum, Bourbon, Cognac, Pear Brandy, Licor 43, Allspice Dram"
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
excerpt: |
  This holiday punch, which combines allspice and vanilla with the bright zing of lemon and pineapple.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|  0.75 oz | Rum                                                       | Angostura 1919             |
|  0.75 oz | Bourbon                                                   | Elijah Craig Small Batch   |
|  0.75 oz | Cognac                                                    | Pierre Ferrand 1840        |
|  0.75 oz | Pear Brandy                                               | Rothman & Winter           |
|   0.5 oz | Licor 43                                                  | Licor 43                   |
|  0.25 oz | Allspice Dram                                             | St. Elizabeth              |
|     2 oz | Fresh Pineapple Juice                                     |
|     1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Hurricane, On the Rocks
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds, umbrella, and grated nutmeg for garnish
- Special Prep: None

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe/yule_tidal_wave.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Yule Tidal Wave"
eras: [anders]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/yule_tidal_wave/"
iconfile: yule_tidal_wave
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rum, Bourbon, Cognac, Pear Brandy, Licor 43, Allspice Dram"
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
description: "A festive and complex original holiday tiki punch that combines multiple spirits with allspice, vanilla, lemon, and pineapple."
excerpt: |
  This holiday punch, which combines allspice and vanilla with the bright zing of lemon and pineapple.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| -------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|  0.75 oz | Rum                                                       | Angostura 1919             |
|  0.75 oz | Bourbon                                                   | Elijah Craig Small Batch   |
|  0.75 oz | Cognac                                                    | Pierre Ferrand 1840        |
|  0.75 oz | Pear Brandy                                               | Rothman & Winter           |
|   0.5 oz | Licor 43                                                  | Licor 43                   |
|  0.25 oz | Allspice Dram                                             | St. Elizabeth              |
|     2 oz | Fresh Pineapple Juice                                     |
|     1 oz | Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|  0.25 oz | [Semi-rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| 2 dashes | Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Hurricane, On the Rocks
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds, umbrella, and grated nutmeg for garnish
- Special Prep: None
