recipe_processed/a_little_thyme_off.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders]
title: "A Little Thyme Off"
permalink: "/recipe/a_little_thyme_off/"
iconfile: a_little_thyme_off
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Lemon, Thyme Simple Syrup, Ginger Beer"
youtube: "ZE3G8aUyOn0"
excerpt: |
  The A Little Thyme Off cocktail is a refreshing and herbaceous drink that uses a thyme-infused simple syrup as its key ingredient. The syrup adds a subtle, savory flavor to the cocktail, which is then balanced by the tartness of lemon juice and the effervescence of ginger beer.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                   | Brand      |
| --------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                            |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Thyme-Infused Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/thyme_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">4 to 5 oz  / 100 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 150 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 to 10 oz  / 200 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 to 15 oz  / 300 to 375 ml</span>| Ginger Beer                                                  | Fever Tree |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Thyme sprigs & lemon wheel
- Special Prep: Add the lemon juice and thyme-infused simple syrup to the shaker tin with ice. Give it a quick shake and double strain into the glass. Add ice. Fill remainder of the glass with ginger beer.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  " 1 oz Thyme-Infused Simple Syrup",
  "4 to 5 oz Ginger Beer "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Thyme sprigs & lemon wheel"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Add the lemon juice and thyme-infused simple syrup to the shaker tin with ice. Give it a quick shake and double strain into the glass. Add ice. Fill remainder of the glass with ginger beer."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/a_little_thyme_off.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
categories: [mocktail]
eras: [anders]
title: "A Little Thyme Off"
permalink: "/recipe/a_little_thyme_off/"
iconfile: a_little_thyme_off
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Lemon, Thyme Simple Syrup, Ginger Beer"
youtube: "ZE3G8aUyOn0"
description: "A refreshing and herbaceous non-alcoholic cocktail featuring a thyme-infused simple syrup balanced with lemon and ginger beer."
excerpt: |
  The A Little Thyme Off cocktail is a refreshing and herbaceous drink that uses a thyme-infused simple syrup as its key ingredient. The syrup adds a subtle, savory flavor to the cocktail, which is then balanced by the tartness of lemon juice and the effervescence of ginger beer.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                   | Brand      |
| --------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                            |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Thyme-Infused Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/thyme_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">4 to 5 oz  / 100 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 150 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 to 10 oz  / 200 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 to 15 oz  / 300 to 375 ml</span>| Ginger Beer                                                  | Fever Tree |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Thyme sprigs & lemon wheel
- Special Prep: Add the lemon juice and thyme-infused simple syrup to the shaker tin with ice. Give it a quick shake and double strain into the glass. Add ice. Fill remainder of the glass with ginger beer.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  " 1 oz Thyme-Infused Simple Syrup",
  "4 to 5 oz Ginger Beer "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Thyme sprigs & lemon wheel"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Add the lemon juice and thyme-infused simple syrup to the shaker tin with ice. Give it a quick shake and double strain into the glass. Add ice. Fill remainder of the glass with ginger beer."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
