recipe_processed/alabazam.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Alabazam"
creator: Leo Engel
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/alabazam/"
iconfile: alabazam
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Cognac, Triple Sec"
youtube: "nXED2nkfEEQ"
excerpt: |
  A very appealing 19th century cocktail, invented in 1878 by Leo Engel at the Criterion in London. It was a twist on the Brandy Crusta.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| ---------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Cognac                                                    | Maison Rouge VSOP          |
|     <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Triple Sec                                                | Cointreau                  |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|     <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">1 barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">2 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">3 barspoons</span>| Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Cognac ",
  "0.5 oz Triple Sec ",
  " 0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  "0.5 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "1 barspoon Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/alabazam.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Alabazam"
creator: Leo Engel
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/alabazam/"
iconfile: alabazam
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Cognac, Triple Sec"
youtube: "nXED2nkfEEQ"
description: "A 19th-century sour that enhances cognac with the orange notes of triple sec and a hint of bitters."
excerpt: |
  A very appealing 19th century cocktail, invented in 1878 by Leo Engel at the Criterion in London. It was a twist on the Brandy Crusta.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| ---------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Cognac                                                    | Maison Rouge VSOP          |
|     <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Triple Sec                                                | Cointreau                  |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|     <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">1 barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">2 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">3 barspoons</span>| Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Cognac ",
  "0.5 oz Triple Sec ",
  " 0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  "0.5 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "1 barspoon Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
