recipe_processed/alamagoozlum.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: JP Morgan
title: "Alamagoozlum"
categories: [punch]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/alamagoozlum/"
iconfile: alamagoozlum
stars: 3.5
base_spirits: "Genever, Jamaican Rum, Yellow Chartreuse "
youtube: "8H-IBvOX8EI"
excerpt: |
  The Alamagoozlum is a vintage cocktail attributed to J.P. Morgan. It's a complex drink with a unique flavor profile, combining a variety of spirits and liqueurs.<br><br>


  A "Plantation Alamagoozlum" is referenced as "an excellent preventive of colds and chills" in a 1935 column in <em>The Indianapolis News</em> and then as an Alamagoozlum in a 1937 edition of the <em>Louisville, Kentucky, Courier-Journal</em>. However, it most notably features in Charles H. Baker's 1939 <em>The Gentleman's Companion, Around the World with Jigger, Beaker and Flask</em> as "J. Pierpont Morgan's Alamagoozlum, the Personal Mix Credited to that Financier, Philanthropist, & Banker of a Bygone Era."
  Baker gives the following recipe "To serve about 5 cocktails, take 1 jigger each of Jamaica rum, gomme syrup, and yellow or green Chartreuse; add 1/2 pony yellow Curaçao and 1/2 pony of Angostura Aromatic Bitters. Add 2 scant ponies of Holland gin, the same of water; donate 1/2 the white of an egg and hard shake with lots of cracked ice. Serve in a Manhattan glass."<br><br>


  As with so many classic cocktails, our recipe is based on David A. Embury's 1948 <em>The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks</em>, where Embury says, "This cocktail is supposed to have been a specialty of the elder Morgan of the House of Morgan, which goes to prove as a bartender he was an excellent banker."<br><br>


  Both Charles H. Baker and David Embury credit the creation, or at least this cocktail's notoriety, to John Pierpont Morgan Sr. (1837 - 1913), a Wall Street banker and financier who headed the banking firm that went on to be known as J.P. Morgan and Co., then Morgan, Grenfell & Company.<br><br>


  J. P. Morgan liked to drink in style and frequented New York City's most fashionable clubs, including the Union Club. When his friend, John King, president of Erie Railroad, was blackballed from the Union Club, Morgan resigned and in 1891 established the Metropolitan Club of New York. He commissioned Stanford White to "...build me a club fit for gentlemen, forget the expense..." at One East 60th Street; on the corner of 5th Avenue. As the club's first President, he invited John King to be a charter member.<br><br>

  <b>This cocktail recipe makes two cocktails</b>
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Genever                                                   | Bols                       |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Jamaican Rum                                              | Appleton Signature         |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Yellow Chartreuse                                         | Yellow Chartreuse          |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao                                            | Marie Brizard              |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Egg White                                                 |
|    <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Water                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Pineapple slice
- Special Prep:
  - Reverse dry shake:
    1. Shake cocktail with ice first.
    1. Strain cocktail into the cheater tin.
    1. Remove ice
    1. Dry shake cocktail

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 2 oz Genever",
  " 1.5 oz Jamaican Rum ",
  " 1.5 oz Yellow Chartreuse",
  " 0.5 oz Orange Curaçao ",
  " 0.5 oz Bitters",
  " 1.5 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "0.75 oz Egg White",
  " 2 oz Water"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple slice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Reverse dry shake:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Shake cocktail with ice first."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Strain cocktail into the cheater tin."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Remove ice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Dry shake cocktail"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/alamagoozlum.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: JP Morgan
title: "Alamagoozlum"
categories: [punch]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/alamagoozlum/"
iconfile: alamagoozlum
stars: 3.5
base_spirits: "Genever, Jamaican Rum, Yellow Chartreuse "
youtube: "8H-IBvOX8EI"
description: "A complex and uniquely named vintage punch combining genever, Jamaican rum, and Chartreuse."
excerpt: |
  The Alamagoozlum is a vintage cocktail attributed to J.P. Morgan. It's a complex drink with a unique flavor profile, combining a variety of spirits and liqueurs.<br><br>


  A "Plantation Alamagoozlum" is referenced as "an excellent preventive of colds and chills" in a 1935 column in <em>The Indianapolis News</em> and then as an Alamagoozlum in a 1937 edition of the <em>Louisville, Kentucky, Courier-Journal</em>. However, it most notably features in Charles H. Baker's 1939 <em>The Gentleman's Companion, Around the World with Jigger, Beaker and Flask</em> as "J. Pierpont Morgan's Alamagoozlum, the Personal Mix Credited to that Financier, Philanthropist, & Banker of a Bygone Era."
  Baker gives the following recipe "To serve about 5 cocktails, take 1 jigger each of Jamaica rum, gomme syrup, and yellow or green Chartreuse; add 1/2 pony yellow Curaçao and 1/2 pony of Angostura Aromatic Bitters. Add 2 scant ponies of Holland gin, the same of water; donate 1/2 the white of an egg and hard shake with lots of cracked ice. Serve in a Manhattan glass."<br><br>


  As with so many classic cocktails, our recipe is based on David A. Embury's 1948 <em>The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks</em>, where Embury says, "This cocktail is supposed to have been a specialty of the elder Morgan of the House of Morgan, which goes to prove as a bartender he was an excellent banker."<br><br>


  Both Charles H. Baker and David Embury credit the creation, or at least this cocktail's notoriety, to John Pierpont Morgan Sr. (1837 - 1913), a Wall Street banker and financier who headed the banking firm that went on to be known as J.P. Morgan and Co., then Morgan, Grenfell & Company.<br><br>


  J. P. Morgan liked to drink in style and frequented New York City's most fashionable clubs, including the Union Club. When his friend, John King, president of Erie Railroad, was blackballed from the Union Club, Morgan resigned and in 1891 established the Metropolitan Club of New York. He commissioned Stanford White to "...build me a club fit for gentlemen, forget the expense..." at One East 60th Street; on the corner of 5th Avenue. As the club's first President, he invited John King to be a charter member.<br><br>

  <b>This cocktail recipe makes two cocktails</b>
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand                      |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Genever                                                   | Bols                       |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Jamaican Rum                                              | Appleton Signature         |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Yellow Chartreuse                                         | Yellow Chartreuse          |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao                                            | Marie Brizard              |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Bitters                                                   | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Egg White                                                 |
|    <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Water                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Pineapple slice
- Special Prep:
  - Reverse dry shake:
    1. Shake cocktail with ice first.
    1. Strain cocktail into the cheater tin.
    1. Remove ice
    1. Dry shake cocktail

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 2 oz Genever",
  " 1.5 oz Jamaican Rum ",
  " 1.5 oz Yellow Chartreuse",
  " 0.5 oz Orange Curaçao ",
  " 0.5 oz Bitters",
  " 1.5 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "0.75 oz Egg White",
  " 2 oz Water"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple slice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Reverse dry shake:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Shake cocktail with ice first."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Strain cocktail into the cheater tin."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Remove ice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "    1. Dry shake cocktail"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
