recipe_processed/alton_browns_aged_eggnog.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Alton Brown
creator: Alton Brown
title: "Alton Brown’s Aged Eggnog"
categories: [eggnog, dairy]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/alton_browns_aged_eggnog/"
iconfile: alton_browns_aged_eggnog
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Cognac, Bourbon"
youtube: "LINK"
excerpt: |
  For Alton Brown's aged eggnog recipe click <a href="https://altonbrown.com/recipe/aged-eggnog/" target="_blank">here</a>.<br><br>
  Although most Americans think of eggnog as something they get out of a milk carton during the two-week period leading up to December 25, eggnog actually descends from sack posset, a strong, thick English beverage built upon eggs, milk, and either a fortified wine (like Madeira) or ale.<br><br>
  Add depth and complexity to this classic Christmas cocktail by using a mix of spirits and allowing it to age.
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient            | Brand                       |
| -------------: | --------------------- | --------------------------- |
|        <span class="onex active">6 whole </span> <span class="onehalfx">9 whole </span> <span class="twox">12 whole </span> <span class="threex">18 whole </span>| Egg Yolks             |
|      <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> pound </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> pound </span> <span class="twox">1 pound </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> pound </span>| Sugar                 |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">1 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span>| Freshly Grated Nutmeg |
|          <span class="onex active">1 cup </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">2 cup </span> <span class="threex">3 cup </span>| Half and Half         |
|          <span class="onex active">1 cup </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">2 cup </span> <span class="threex">3 cup </span>| Whole Milk            |
|          <span class="onex active">1 cup </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">2 cup </span> <span class="threex">3 cup </span>| Heavy Cream           |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">1 cup </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span>| Jamaican Rum          | Appleton 12 year Rare Casks |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">1 cup </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span>| Cognac                | Maison Rouge VSOP           |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">1 cup </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span>| Bourbon               | Elijah Craig Small Batch    |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span>| salt                  |

### Notes

- Method: Build in a mixing bowl
- Pour: Add finished eggnog directly to mason jars
- Glassware: Low Ball
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep:
  - Beat yolks with sugar and nutmeg in large mixing bowl until mixture lightens in color.
  - Combine dairy, booze, and salt in separate vessel and slowly beat into egg mixture.
  - Move to glass jars and store sealed in the fridge.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 6 whole Egg Yolks",
  " 0.5 pound Sugar",
  "0.5 barspoon Freshly Grated Nutmeg",
  " 1 cup Half and Half",
  " 1 cup Whole Milk ",
  " 1 cup Heavy Cream",
  " 0.5 cup Jamaican Rum ",
  " 0.5 cup Cognac ",
  " 0.5 cup Bourbon",
  "0.125 barspoon salt "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in a mixing bowl"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add finished eggnog directly to mason jars"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grated nutmeg"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Beat yolks with sugar and nutmeg in large mixing bowl until mixture lightens in color."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Combine dairy, booze, and salt in separate vessel and slowly beat into egg mixture."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Move to glass jars and store sealed in the fridge."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/alton_browns_aged_eggnog.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Alton Brown
creator: Alton Brown
title: "Alton Brown’s Aged Eggnog"
categories: [eggnog, dairy]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/alton_browns_aged_eggnog/"
iconfile: alton_browns_aged_eggnog
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Cognac, Bourbon"
youtube: "LINK"
description: "A rich and complex holiday classic that blends Jamaican rum, cognac, and bourbon, designed to be aged for depth of flavor."
excerpt: |
  For Alton Brown's aged eggnog recipe click <a href="https://altonbrown.com/recipe/aged-eggnog/" target="_blank">here</a>.<br><br>
  Although most Americans think of eggnog as something they get out of a milk carton during the two-week period leading up to December 25, eggnog actually descends from sack posset, a strong, thick English beverage built upon eggs, milk, and either a fortified wine (like Madeira) or ale.<br><br>
  Add depth and complexity to this classic Christmas cocktail by using a mix of spirits and allowing it to age.
---

### Ingredients

|         Amount | Ingredient            | Brand                       |
| -------------: | --------------------- | --------------------------- |
|        <span class="onex active">6 whole </span> <span class="onehalfx">9 whole </span> <span class="twox">12 whole </span> <span class="threex">18 whole </span>| Egg Yolks             |
|      <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> pound </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> pound </span> <span class="twox">1 pound </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> pound </span>| Sugar                 |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">1 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span>| Freshly Grated Nutmeg |
|          <span class="onex active">1 cup </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">2 cup </span> <span class="threex">3 cup </span>| Half and Half         |
|          <span class="onex active">1 cup </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">2 cup </span> <span class="threex">3 cup </span>| Whole Milk            |
|          <span class="onex active">1 cup </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">2 cup </span> <span class="threex">3 cup </span>| Heavy Cream           |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">1 cup </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span>| Jamaican Rum          | Appleton 12 year Rare Casks |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">1 cup </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span>| Cognac                | Maison Rouge VSOP           |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> cup </span> <span class="twox">1 cup </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> cup </span>| Bourbon               | Elijah Craig Small Batch    |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span>| salt                  |

### Notes

- Method: Build in a mixing bowl
- Pour: Add finished eggnog directly to mason jars
- Glassware: Low Ball
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg
- Special Prep:
  - Beat yolks with sugar and nutmeg in large mixing bowl until mixture lightens in color.
  - Combine dairy, booze, and salt in separate vessel and slowly beat into egg mixture.
  - Move to glass jars and store sealed in the fridge.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 6 whole Egg Yolks",
  " 0.5 pound Sugar",
  "0.5 barspoon Freshly Grated Nutmeg",
  " 1 cup Half and Half",
  " 1 cup Whole Milk ",
  " 1 cup Heavy Cream",
  " 0.5 cup Jamaican Rum ",
  " 0.5 cup Cognac ",
  " 0.5 cup Bourbon",
  "0.125 barspoon salt "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in a mixing bowl"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add finished eggnog directly to mason jars"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grated nutmeg"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Beat yolks with sugar and nutmeg in large mixing bowl until mixture lightens in color."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Combine dairy, booze, and salt in separate vessel and slowly beat into egg mixture."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Move to glass jars and store sealed in the fridge."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
