recipe_processed/bijou.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Harry Johnson
title: "Bijou"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/bijou/"
iconfile: bijou
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Gin, Green Chartreuse "
youtube: "LeIeaxJR2kw"
excerpt: |
  The bijou is a mixed alcoholic drink composed of gin, vermouth, and chartreuse. This cocktail was invented by Harry Johnson, "the father of professional bartending", who called it bijou because it combined the colors of three jewels, gin for diamond, vermouth for ruby, and chartreuse for emerald. An original-style bijou is made stirred with ice as Johnson's 1900 New and Improved Bartender Manual states "mix well with a spoon and serve." This recipe is also one of the oldest in the manual, dating back to the 1890s.<br><br>
  The bijou was popular for several decades. Unlike the Manhattan and the martini, however, the bijou disappeared after Prohibition. It was rediscovered by "the King of Cocktails" Dale DeGroff in the 1980s, when he stumbled upon the recipe in Johnson's book. While the original cocktail had equal parts of the three ingredients, DeGroff tripled the ratio of gin to vermouth and chartreuse to soften the taste profile. Eventually, his recipe became the standard.
---

## Original

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                     |
| ------: | ---------------- | ------------------------- |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Gin              | Plymouth                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Sweet Vermouth   | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse          |
|  <span class="onex active">1 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> dashes</span> <span class="twox">2 dashes</span> <span class="threex">3 dashes</span>| Orange Bitters   | Regan's No. 6             |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil.

## Modern Bijou

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                     |
| ------: | ---------------- | ------------------------- |
| <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 31 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1.875 oz  / 47 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 63 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 94 ml</span>| Gin              | Plymouth                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Sweet Vermouth   | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse          |
|  <span class="onex active">1 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> dashes</span> <span class="twox">2 dashes</span> <span class="threex">3 dashes</span>| Orange Bitters   | Regan's No. 6             |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.75 oz Gin ",
  "0.75 oz Sweet Vermouth",
  "0.75 oz Green Chartreuse",
  " 1 dash Orange Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "## Modern Bijou"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "### Ingredients"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "|  Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                     |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| ------: | ---------------- | ------------------------- |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| 1.25 oz | Gin              | Plymouth                  |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| 0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth   | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| 0.25 oz | Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse          |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "|  1 dash | Orange Bitters   | Regan's No. 6             |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "### Notes"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/bijou.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Harry Johnson
title: "Bijou"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/bijou/"
iconfile: bijou
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Gin, Green Chartreuse "
youtube: "LeIeaxJR2kw"
description: "A classic cocktail from the 1890s that combines gin, sweet vermouth, and Green Chartreuse, named for the jewel tones of its ingredients."
excerpt: |
  The bijou is a mixed alcoholic drink composed of gin, vermouth, and chartreuse. This cocktail was invented by Harry Johnson, "the father of professional bartending", who called it bijou because it combined the colors of three jewels, gin for diamond, vermouth for ruby, and chartreuse for emerald. An original-style bijou is made stirred with ice as Johnson's 1900 New and Improved Bartender Manual states "mix well with a spoon and serve." This recipe is also one of the oldest in the manual, dating back to the 1890s.<br><br>
  The bijou was popular for several decades. Unlike the Manhattan and the martini, however, the bijou disappeared after Prohibition. It was rediscovered by "the King of Cocktails" Dale DeGroff in the 1980s, when he stumbled upon the recipe in Johnson's book. While the original cocktail had equal parts of the three ingredients, DeGroff tripled the ratio of gin to vermouth and chartreuse to soften the taste profile. Eventually, his recipe became the standard.
---

## Original

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                     |
| ------: | ---------------- | ------------------------- |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Gin              | Plymouth                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Sweet Vermouth   | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse          |
|  <span class="onex active">1 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> dashes</span> <span class="twox">2 dashes</span> <span class="threex">3 dashes</span>| Orange Bitters   | Regan's No. 6             |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil.

## Modern Bijou

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                     |
| ------: | ---------------- | ------------------------- |
| <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 31 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1.875 oz  / 47 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 63 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 94 ml</span>| Gin              | Plymouth                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Sweet Vermouth   | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse          |
|  <span class="onex active">1 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> dashes</span> <span class="twox">2 dashes</span> <span class="threex">3 dashes</span>| Orange Bitters   | Regan's No. 6             |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.75 oz Gin ",
  "0.75 oz Sweet Vermouth",
  "0.75 oz Green Chartreuse",
  " 1 dash Orange Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "## Modern Bijou"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "### Ingredients"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "|  Amount | Ingredient       | Brand                     |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| ------: | ---------------- | ------------------------- |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| 1.25 oz | Gin              | Plymouth                  |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| 0.75 oz | Sweet Vermouth   | Cocchi Vermouth di Torino |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "| 0.25 oz | Green Chartreuse | Green Chartreuse          |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "|  1 dash | Orange Bitters   | Regan's No. 6             |"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "### Notes"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Expressed lemon oil."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
