recipe_processed/bloody_mary_anders.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Anders' Bloody Mary"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bloody_mary_anders/"
iconfile: bloody_mary_anders
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Vodka, Amontillado Sherry"
youtube: "V_LkOGZGDyo"
description: "A classic savory cocktail from the 1920s, featuring vodka and tomato juice with a complex blend of spices."
excerpt: |
  The Bloody Mary was invented in the 1920s or 1930s. There are various theories as to the origin of the drink and its name. It has many variants, most notably the Red Snapper, Bloody Maria (made with tequila blanco), and the Virgin Mary.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Single

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient           | Brand                               |
| ------------: | -------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
|        <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Vodka                | Hangar One                          |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Amontillado Sherry   | Lustau Amontillado Los Arcos Sherry |
|          <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Tomato Juice         |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice    |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Worcestershire Sauce |
|      <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span>| Celery Salt          |
|     <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="threex"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span>| Horseradish          |
| <span class="onex active">3 to 4 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 6 dashes</span> <span class="twox">6 to 8 dashes</span> <span class="threex">9 to 12 dashes</span>| Hot Sauce            | Tabasco                             |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Cracked Black Pepper |

- Method: Rolled between two pint glasses
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - Pint
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Garnish with just about anything
- Special Prep: Add a sidecar of American lager.

</div>

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Batched Bloody Mary Mix

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient           | Brand   |
| ---------: | -------------------- | ------- |
|      <span class="onex active">32 oz  / 800 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">48 oz  / 1200 ml</span> <span class="twox">64 oz  / 1600 ml</span> <span class="threex">96 oz  / 2400 ml</span>| Tomato Juice         |
|       <span class="onex active">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">9 oz  / 225 ml</span> <span class="twox">12 oz  / 300 ml</span> <span class="threex">18 oz  / 450 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice    |
|       <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Worcestershire Sauce |
|      <span class="onex active">2 tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">3 tsp </span> <span class="twox">4 tsp </span> <span class="threex">6 tsp </span>| Celery Salt          |
|      <span class="onex active">1 tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox">2 tsp </span> <span class="threex">3 tsp </span>| Horseradish          |
| <span class="onex active">3 to 4 tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 6 tsp </span> <span class="twox">6 to 8 tsp </span> <span class="threex">9 to 12 tsp </span>| Hot Sauce            | Tabasco |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span>| Cracked Black Pepper |

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Vodka ",
  "0.25 oz Amontillado Sherry",
  " 4 oz Tomato Juice",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  "0.25 oz Worcestershire Sauce",
  " 0.25 tsp Celery Salt ",
  "0.125 tsp Horseradish ",
  "3 to 4 dashes Hot Sauce ",
  "0.25 oz Cracked Black Pepper",
  " 32 oz Tomato Juice",
  "6 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  "2 oz Worcestershire Sauce",
  " 2 tsp Celery Salt ",
  " 1 tsp Horseradish ",
  "3 to 4 tsp Hot Sauce ",
  "0.75 tsp Cracked Black Pepper"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [

    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a note on the batch bloody marys

recipe_processed/bloody_mary_anders.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Anders' Bloody Mary"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bloody_mary_anders/"
iconfile: bloody_mary_anders
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Vodka, Amontillado Sherry"
youtube: "V_LkOGZGDyo"
description: "A classic savory cocktail from the 1920s, featuring vodka and tomato juice with a complex blend of spices."
excerpt: |
  The Bloody Mary was invented in the 1920s or 1930s. There are various theories as to the origin of the drink and its name. It has many variants, most notably the Red Snapper, Bloody Maria (made with tequila blanco), and the Virgin Mary.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Single

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient           | Brand                               |
| ------------: | -------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
|        <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Vodka                | Hangar One                          |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Amontillado Sherry   | Lustau Amontillado Los Arcos Sherry |
|          <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Tomato Juice         |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice    |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Worcestershire Sauce |
|      <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span>| Celery Salt          |
|     <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="threex"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span>| Horseradish          |
| <span class="onex active">3 to 4 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 6 dashes</span> <span class="twox">6 to 8 dashes</span> <span class="threex">9 to 12 dashes</span>| Hot Sauce            | Tabasco                             |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Cracked Black Pepper |

- Method: Rolled between two pint glasses
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
  - Pint
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Garnish with just about anything
- Special Prep: Add a sidecar of American lager.

</div>

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Batched Bloody Mary Mix

If you plan on making more than a few bloody marys, you should just make a larger batch.  This recipe will make eight servings and keep for a few days in the fridge.  Just add the vodka and sherry before you serve.

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient           | Brand   |
| ---------: | -------------------- | ------- |
|      <span class="onex active">32 oz  / 800 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">48 oz  / 1200 ml</span> <span class="twox">64 oz  / 1600 ml</span> <span class="threex">96 oz  / 2400 ml</span>| Tomato Juice         |
|       <span class="onex active">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">9 oz  / 225 ml</span> <span class="twox">12 oz  / 300 ml</span> <span class="threex">18 oz  / 450 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice    |
|       <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Worcestershire Sauce |
|      <span class="onex active">2 tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">3 tsp </span> <span class="twox">4 tsp </span> <span class="threex">6 tsp </span>| Celery Salt          |
|      <span class="onex active">1 tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox">2 tsp </span> <span class="threex">3 tsp </span>| Horseradish          |
| <span class="onex active">3 to 4 tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 6 tsp </span> <span class="twox">6 to 8 tsp </span> <span class="threex">9 to 12 tsp </span>| Hot Sauce            | Tabasco |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> tsp </span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tsp </span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> tsp </span>| Cracked Black Pepper |

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Vodka ",
  "0.25 oz Amontillado Sherry",
  " 4 oz Tomato Juice",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  "0.25 oz Worcestershire Sauce",
  " 0.25 tsp Celery Salt ",
  "0.125 tsp Horseradish ",
  "3 to 4 dashes Hot Sauce ",
  "0.25 oz Cracked Black Pepper",
  " 32 oz Tomato Juice",
  "6 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  "2 oz Worcestershire Sauce",
  " 2 tsp Celery Salt ",
  " 1 tsp Horseradish ",
  "3 to 4 tsp Hot Sauce ",
  "0.75 tsp Cracked Black Pepper"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [

    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
