recipe_processed/bourbon_lift.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Erik Adkins
title: "Bourbon Lift"
categories: [coffee, fizz]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_lift/"
iconfile: bourbon_lift
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "zCDgzuTYKBU"
excerpt: |
  It was created by San Francisco bartender Erik Adkins who helms the bar at Hard Water, his most recent of many stints in the bay city. The Bourbon Lift is a playful, nostalgic drink that's hard to put down, and not because it might float away on a fluffy cloud
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                | Brand                         |
| -----: | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Bourbon                                   | Woodford Reserve Double Oaked |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Coffee Liqueur                            | St. George NOLA               |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Orgeat]({%link recipe_processed/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Heavy Cream                               |
|   <span class="onex active">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 oz  / 225 ml</span>| Soda Water                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: High Ball
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass. Top with soda water in two stages. The top will rise above the top of the glass, similar to a Ramos Gin Fizz.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Bourbon",
  "0.5 oz Coffee Liqueur ",
  "0.5 oz Orgeat",
  "0.5 oz Heavy Cream",
  "3 oz Soda Water "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass. Top with soda water in two stages. The top will rise above the top of the glass, similar to a Ramos Gin Fizz."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/bourbon_lift.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
creator: Erik Adkins
title: "Bourbon Lift"
categories: [coffee, fizz]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/bourbon_lift/"
iconfile: bourbon_lift
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Bourbon, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "zCDgzuTYKBU"
description: "A playful and nostalgic modern fizz that combines bourbon and coffee liqueur with orgeat and cream."
excerpt: |
  It was created by San Francisco bartender Erik Adkins who helms the bar at Hard Water, his most recent of many stints in the bay city. The Bourbon Lift is a playful, nostalgic drink that's hard to put down, and not because it might float away on a fluffy cloud
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                | Brand                         |
| -----: | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Bourbon                                   | Woodford Reserve Double Oaked |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Coffee Liqueur                            | St. George NOLA               |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Orgeat]({%link recipe_processed/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Heavy Cream                               |
|   <span class="onex active">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 oz  / 225 ml</span>| Soda Water                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: High Ball
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass. Top with soda water in two stages. The top will rise above the top of the glass, similar to a Ramos Gin Fizz.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Bourbon",
  "0.5 oz Coffee Liqueur ",
  "0.5 oz Orgeat",
  "0.5 oz Heavy Cream",
  "3 oz Soda Water "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass. Top with soda water in two stages. The top will rise above the top of the glass, similar to a Ramos Gin Fizz."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
