recipe_processed/deshler.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Deshler"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/deshler/"
iconfile: deshler
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rye, Dubonnet Rouge -OR- Bourbon, Lillet Rouge "
youtube: "3vtklNLjMPw"
excerpt: |
  Enjoy your favorite rye whiskey in this Dubonnet and Cointreau drink from famed New York bartender Brian Miller.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## 1917 Deshler

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand           |
| -------: | -------------- | --------------- |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Rye            | Wild Turkey 101 |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Dubonnet Rouge | Dubonnet Rouge  |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Orange Liqueur | Cointreau       |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters        | Peychaud's      |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Lemon Skin     |
| <span class="onex active">2 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 swathes</span> <span class="twox">4 swathes</span> <span class="threex">6 swathes</span>| Orange Skin    |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange twist
- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing tin before dropping the swaths in the tin.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Modern Deshler

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand           |
| -------: | -------------- | --------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Rye            | Wild Turkey 101 |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Dubonnet Rouge | Dubonnet Rouge  |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Orange Liqueur | Cointreau       |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters        | Peychaud's      |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Lemon Skin     |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Orange Skin    |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange twist
- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing glass before dropping the swaths in the glass.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Anders' Deshler

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                |
| -------: | -------------- | -------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Bourbon        | Old Grand-Dad Bonded |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Lillet Rouge   | Lillet Rouge         |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao | Pierre Ferrand       |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters        | Peychaud's           |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Lemon Skin     |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Orange Skin    |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange twist
- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing glass before dropping the swaths in the glass.

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 0.75 oz Rye ",
  " 0.75 oz Dubonnet Rouge",
  "2 dashes Orange Liqueur",
  "2 dashes Bitters ",
  " 1 swath Lemon Skin",
  "2 swaths Orange Skin "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange twist"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing tin before dropping the swaths in the tin."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/deshler.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Deshler"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/deshler/"
iconfile: deshler
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rye, Dubonnet Rouge -OR- Bourbon, Lillet Rouge "
youtube: "3vtklNLjMPw"
description: "A classic cocktail that pairs rye whiskey with the wine-based aperitif Dubonnet and Cointreau."
excerpt: |
  Enjoy your favorite rye whiskey in this Dubonnet and Cointreau drink from famed New York bartender Brian Miller.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## 1917 Deshler

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand           |
| -------: | -------------- | --------------- |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Rye            | Wild Turkey 101 |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Dubonnet Rouge | Dubonnet Rouge  |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Orange Liqueur | Cointreau       |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters        | Peychaud's      |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Lemon Skin     |
| <span class="onex active">2 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 swathes</span> <span class="twox">4 swathes</span> <span class="threex">6 swathes</span>| Orange Skin    |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange twist
- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing tin before dropping the swaths in the tin.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Modern Deshler

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand           |
| -------: | -------------- | --------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Rye            | Wild Turkey 101 |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Dubonnet Rouge | Dubonnet Rouge  |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Orange Liqueur | Cointreau       |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters        | Peychaud's      |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Lemon Skin     |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Orange Skin    |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange twist
- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing glass before dropping the swaths in the glass.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Anders' Deshler

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                |
| -------: | -------------- | -------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Bourbon        | Old Grand-Dad Bonded |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Lillet Rouge   | Lillet Rouge         |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao | Pierre Ferrand       |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters        | Peychaud's           |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Lemon Skin     |
|  <span class="onex active">1 swathes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> swathes</span> <span class="twox">2 swathes</span> <span class="threex">3 swathes</span>| Orange Skin    |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange twist
- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing glass before dropping the swaths in the glass.

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 0.75 oz Rye ",
  " 0.75 oz Dubonnet Rouge",
  "2 dashes Orange Liqueur",
  "2 dashes Bitters ",
  " 1 swath Lemon Skin",
  "2 swaths Orange Skin "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange twist"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express the citrus oil into the mixing tin before dropping the swaths in the tin."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
