recipe_processed/eggnog.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Eggnog"
eras: [classic]
categories: [eggnog]
permalink: "/recipe/eggnog/"
iconfile: eggnog
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rum, Amontillado Sherry "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
excerpt: |
  Eggnog is a creamy, festive cocktail that's perfect for the holiday season. It's made with a base of eggs, sugar, milk, and cream, and is typically flavored with spices like nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Alcohol, such as brandy, rum, or bourbon, is often added to give it a kick.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                          |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Demerara Rum                                             | El Dorado 8 Year               |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Amontillado Sherry                                       | Lustau Amontillado 'Los Arcos' |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">1 whole </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">2 whole </span> <span class="threex">3 whole </span>| Egg                                                      |
|    <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Half & Half cream                                        |
| <span class="onex active">1 pinch </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> pinch </span> <span class="twox">2 pinch </span> <span class="threex">3 pinch </span>| Salt                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg for garnish
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate the egg.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Demerara Rum",
  " 0.5 oz Amontillado Sherry",
  " 1 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  "1 whole Egg ",
  " 2 oz Half & Half cream ",
  "1 pinch Salt"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grated nutmeg for garnish"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate the egg."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/eggnog.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Eggnog"
eras: [classic]
categories: [eggnog]
permalink: "/recipe/eggnog/"
iconfile: eggnog
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Rum, Amontillado Sherry "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
description: "A creamy, festive classic cocktail perfect for the holidays, made with eggs, sugar, milk, and typically spiked with rum or sherry."
excerpt: |
  Eggnog is a creamy, festive cocktail that's perfect for the holiday season. It's made with a base of eggs, sugar, milk, and cream, and is typically flavored with spices like nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Alcohol, such as brandy, rum, or bourbon, is often added to give it a kick.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                          |
| ------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Demerara Rum                                             | El Dorado 8 Year               |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Amontillado Sherry                                       | Lustau Amontillado 'Los Arcos' |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">1 whole </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">2 whole </span> <span class="threex">3 whole </span>| Egg                                                      |
|    <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Half & Half cream                                        |
| <span class="onex active">1 pinch </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> pinch </span> <span class="twox">2 pinch </span> <span class="threex">3 pinch </span>| Salt                                                     |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg for garnish
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate the egg.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Demerara Rum",
  " 0.5 oz Amontillado Sherry",
  " 1 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  "1 whole Egg ",
  " 2 oz Half & Half cream ",
  "1 pinch Salt"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Footed Rocks Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grated nutmeg for garnish"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate the egg."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
