recipe_processed/fancy_cocktail_1.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Fancy Cocktail No.1"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/fancy_cocktail_1/"
iconfile: fancy_cocktail_1
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rosolio, Reposado Tequila, Manzanilla Sherry "
youtube: "AfbytyV2PdY"
excerpt: |
  The Fancy Cocktail No. 1 is an Anders Erickson original, equal parts recipe pairing the citrus/floral notes in Italicus Rosolio di Bergamotto with a reposado tequila and a dry sherry. Each component supports the next, elevating this cocktail in perfect balance. It's an elegant, spirit forward sipper.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -----: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Rosolio Italicus  | Rosolio di Bergamotto      |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Reposado Tequila  | Casamigos                  |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Manzanilla Sherry | Lustau Manzanilla Papirusa |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: Grapefruit zest
- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil over cocktail.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1 oz Rosolio Italicus ",
  "1 oz Reposado Tequila ",
  "1 oz Manzanilla Sherry"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Martini"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grapefruit zest"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil over cocktail."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/fancy_cocktail_1.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Fancy Cocktail No.1"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/fancy_cocktail_1/"
iconfile: fancy_cocktail_1
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rosolio, Reposado Tequila, Manzanilla Sherry "
youtube: "AfbytyV2PdY"
description: "An elegant, spirit-forward original cocktail that pairs the citrus and floral notes of Rosolio with reposado tequila and dry sherry."
excerpt: |
  The Fancy Cocktail No. 1 is an Anders Erickson original, equal parts recipe pairing the citrus/floral notes in Italicus Rosolio di Bergamotto with a reposado tequila and a dry sherry. Each component supports the next, elevating this cocktail in perfect balance. It's an elegant, spirit forward sipper.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient        | Brand                      |
| -----: | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Rosolio Italicus  | Rosolio di Bergamotto      |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Reposado Tequila  | Casamigos                  |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Manzanilla Sherry | Lustau Manzanilla Papirusa |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Martini
- Garnish: Grapefruit zest
- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil over cocktail.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1 oz Rosolio Italicus ",
  "1 oz Reposado Tequila ",
  "1 oz Manzanilla Sherry"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Martini"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grapefruit zest"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil over cocktail."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
