recipe_processed/ford.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Ford"
categories: [martini]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/ford/"
iconfile: ford
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Old Tom Gin, Bénédictine"
youtube: "UJJqbCGHsOg"
excerpt: |
  The Ford cocktail is a classic gin-based cocktail that dates back to the late 19th century. It is a Martini-style cocktail sweetened by both the use of old tom gin and Bénédictine D.O.M. liqueur.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                          |
| -------: | -------------- | ------------------------------ |
|   <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Old Tom Gin    | Scofflaw                       |
|   <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Dry Vermouth   | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Dry |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Bénédictine    | Bénédictine DOM                |
| <span class="onex active">3 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> dashes</span> <span class="twox">6 dashes</span> <span class="threex">9 dashes</span>| Orange Bitters | Regan's No. 6                  |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange Peal
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Old Tom Gin ",
  "1.5 oz Dry Vermouth",
  " 0.25 oz Bénédictine ",
  "3 dashes Orange Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange Peal"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/ford.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Ford"
categories: [martini]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/ford/"
iconfile: ford
stars: 3
base_spirits: "Old Tom Gin, Bénédictine"
youtube: "UJJqbCGHsOg"
description: "A classic Martini-style cocktail from the late 19th century, sweetened with Old Tom gin and the herbal complexity of Bénédictine."
excerpt: |
  The Ford cocktail is a classic gin-based cocktail that dates back to the late 19th century. It is a Martini-style cocktail sweetened by both the use of old tom gin and Bénédictine D.O.M. liqueur.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                          |
| -------: | -------------- | ------------------------------ |
|   <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Old Tom Gin    | Scofflaw                       |
|   <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Dry Vermouth   | Dolin Vermouth de Chambéry Dry |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Bénédictine    | Bénédictine DOM                |
| <span class="onex active">3 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> dashes</span> <span class="twox">6 dashes</span> <span class="threex">9 dashes</span>| Orange Bitters | Regan's No. 6                  |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Orange Peal
- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Old Tom Gin ",
  "1.5 oz Dry Vermouth",
  " 0.25 oz Bénédictine ",
  "3 dashes Orange Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange Peal"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Expressed orange oil"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
