recipe_processed/hurricane.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Hurricane"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [new_orleans]
permalink: "/recipe/hurricane/"
iconfile: hurricane
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Dark Rum "
youtube: "3b2-jFhtCyQ"
excerpt: |
  The rum-spiked Hurricane cocktail is potent and fruity. Mix one up for a trip to New Orleans without the plane ticket.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

### Number 1

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                |
| -----: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Jamaican Rum                                                  | Smith & Cross        |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Dark Rum                                                      | Gosling's Black Seal |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Passion Fruit Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/passion_fruit_syrup.md%}) |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Hurricane Glass
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and wind-blown umbrella Special
- Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Number 2

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand             |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Rum                                             | Real McCoy 3 Year |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Demerara Rum                                    | El Dorado 8 Year  |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Passion Fruit Juice                             |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Fresh Orange Juice                              |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Orange wheel, cherry, and wind-blown umbrella Special
- Prep: None

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1 oz Jamaican Rum ",
  "1 oz Dark Rum ",
  "1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup",
  "1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Hurricane Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and wind-blown umbrella Special"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/hurricane.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Hurricane"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [new_orleans]
permalink: "/recipe/hurricane/"
iconfile: hurricane
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum, Dark Rum "
youtube: "3b2-jFhtCyQ"
description: "A potent and fruity classic from New Orleans, famous for its blend of rums and passion fruit flavor."
excerpt: |
  The rum-spiked Hurricane cocktail is potent and fruity. Mix one up for a trip to New Orleans without the plane ticket.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

### Number 1

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                |
| -----: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Jamaican Rum                                                  | Smith & Cross        |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Dark Rum                                                      | Gosling's Black Seal |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Passion Fruit Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/passion_fruit_syrup.md%}) |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Hurricane Glass
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and wind-blown umbrella Special
- Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Number 2

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand             |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Rum                                             | Real McCoy 3 Year |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Demerara Rum                                    | El Dorado 8 Year  |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Passion Fruit Juice                             |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Fresh Orange Juice                              |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Orange wheel, cherry, and wind-blown umbrella Special
- Prep: None

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1 oz Jamaican Rum ",
  "1 oz Dark Rum ",
  "1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup",
  "1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Hurricane Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and wind-blown umbrella Special"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
