recipe_processed/littlest_rebel.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Littlest Rebel"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/little_strebel/"
iconfile: littlest_rebel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy, Blended Scotch "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
excerpt: |
  The Littlest Rebel is a cocktail that blends the flavors of apple brandy, Scotch whisky, lime juice, and grenadine. It's a complex and refreshing drink with a smoky and fruity profile. Some bartenders also add egg white to create a frothy texture.<br><br>

  The name of the cocktail is likely inspired by the 1935 film The Littlest Rebel starring Shirley Temple.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                         |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Apple Brandy                                    | Laird's Straight Apple Brandy Bottled in Bond |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Blended Scotch Whisky                           | Monkey Shoulder Blended Malt Whisky           |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Egg White                                       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Expressed lime oil
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1 oz Apple Brandy ",
  " 0.5 oz Blended Scotch Whisky",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lime Juice ",
  " 0.5 oz Grenadine",
  "0.75 oz Egg White"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Expressed lime oil"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/littlest_rebel.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Littlest Rebel"
eras: [prohibition]
categories: [sour]
permalink: "/recipe/little_strebel/"
iconfile: littlest_rebel
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Apple Brandy, Blended Scotch "
youtube: "s30L-iu171E"
description: "A Prohibition-era sour with a complex smoky and fruity profile, blending apple brandy and Scotch whisky."
excerpt: |
  The Littlest Rebel is a cocktail that blends the flavors of apple brandy, Scotch whisky, lime juice, and grenadine. It's a complex and refreshing drink with a smoky and fruity profile. Some bartenders also add egg white to create a frothy texture.<br><br>

  The name of the cocktail is likely inspired by the 1935 film The Littlest Rebel starring Shirley Temple.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand                                         |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Apple Brandy                                    | Laird's Straight Apple Brandy Bottled in Bond |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Blended Scotch Whisky                           | Monkey Shoulder Blended Malt Whisky           |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Egg White                                       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Expressed lime oil
- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1 oz Apple Brandy ",
  " 0.5 oz Blended Scotch Whisky",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lime Juice ",
  " 0.5 oz Grenadine",
  "0.75 oz Egg White"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Expressed lime oil"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
