recipe_processed/lonely_penguin.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Lonely Penguin"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/lonely_penguin/"
iconfile: lonely_penguin
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rye, Crème de Mûre"
youtube: "Hw-KZJNvtts"
excerpt: |
  Created by Anders Ericson, the Lonely Penguin is a unique and refreshing drink that combines the flavors of whiskey, lemon, blackberry, and coconut. It's a perfect choice for those who enjoy a bit of sweetness with their spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                      |
| -------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Rye                                                           | Rittenhouse 100 proof      |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Crème de Mûre                                                 | Combier                    |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe_processed/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |                            |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |                            |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%})     |                            |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters                                                       | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Brandy Snifter
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: 2 cocktail cherries (eyes), orange wedge (beak), 2 pineapple fronds (flippers), & cocktail umbrella for garnish (arranged to look like a penguin)
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Rye",
  "0.5 oz Crème de Mûre",
  " 0.75 oz Cream of Coconut",
  " 0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  " 0.25 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "2 dashes Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Brandy Snifter"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Crushed Ice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: 2 cocktail cherries (eyes), orange wedge (beak), 2 pineapple fronds (flippers), & cocktail umbrella for garnish (arranged to look like a penguin)"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/lonely_penguin.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Lonely Penguin"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/lonely_penguin/"
iconfile: lonely_penguin
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Rye, Crème de Mûre"
youtube: "Hw-KZJNvtts"
description: "A unique original cocktail that combines the flavors of whiskey, lemon, blackberry, and coconut."
excerpt: |
  Created by Anders Ericson, the Lonely Penguin is a unique and refreshing drink that combines the flavors of whiskey, lemon, blackberry, and coconut. It's a perfect choice for those who enjoy a bit of sweetness with their spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                      |
| -------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Rye                                                           | Rittenhouse 100 proof      |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Crème de Mûre                                                 | Combier                    |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe_processed/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |                            |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                             |                            |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%})     |                            |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters                                                       | Angostura Aromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Brandy Snifter
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: 2 cocktail cherries (eyes), orange wedge (beak), 2 pineapple fronds (flippers), & cocktail umbrella for garnish (arranged to look like a penguin)
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Rye",
  "0.5 oz Crème de Mûre",
  " 0.75 oz Cream of Coconut",
  " 0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  " 0.25 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "2 dashes Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Brandy Snifter"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Crushed Ice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: 2 cocktail cherries (eyes), orange wedge (beak), 2 pineapple fronds (flippers), & cocktail umbrella for garnish (arranged to look like a penguin)"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
