recipe_processed/margarita.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Classic Margarita"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/margarita/"
iconfile: margarita
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila "
youtube: "jxpT11WEtWQ"
excerpt: |
  The classic Margarita combines tequila, lime and triple sec for ultimate refreshment. This tried-and-true recipe ensures a great, easy cocktail every time.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient       | Brand         |
| -----: | ---------------- | ------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Reposado Tequila | Milagro       |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao   | Marie Brizard |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Single Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lime wheel
- Special Prep: Salted rim

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Reposado Tequila",
  "1 oz Orange Curaçao",
  "1 oz Fresh Lime Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Single Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Lime wheel"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Salted rim"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/margarita.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Classic Margarita"
categories: [sour]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/margarita/"
iconfile: margarita
stars: 5
base_spirits: "Reposado Tequila "
youtube: "jxpT11WEtWQ"
description: "The iconic classic sour that perfectly combines the earthy notes of tequila with the bright citrus of lime and triple sec."
excerpt: |
  The classic Margarita combines tequila, lime and triple sec for ultimate refreshment. This tried-and-true recipe ensures a great, easy cocktail every time.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient       | Brand         |
| -----: | ---------------- | ------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Reposado Tequila | Milagro       |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao   | Marie Brizard |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Single Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lime wheel
- Special Prep: Salted rim

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Reposado Tequila",
  "1 oz Orange Curaçao",
  "1 oz Fresh Lime Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Single Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Lime wheel"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Salted rim"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
