recipe_processed/mary_pickford.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Mary Pickford"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/mary_pickford/"
iconfile: mary_pickford
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum, Maraschino Liqueur"
youtube: "TGJZv0FTjk8"
excerpt: |
  The Mary Pickford is a classic cocktail named after the famous silent film actress. It is a Prohibition-era cocktail that's made with: white rum, fresh pineapple juice, grenadine, and maraschino liqueur.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand             |
| ---------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Light Rum                                       | Real McCoy 3 Year |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Fresh Pineapple Juice                           |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">1 barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">2 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">3 barspoons</span>| Maraschino Liqueur                              | Luxardo           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Updated

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand         |
| ---------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Light Rum                                       | Probitas      |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Fresh Pineapple Juice                           |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Allspice Dram                                   | St. Elizabeth |
| <span class="onex active">1 barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">2 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">3 barspoons</span>| Maraschino Liqueur                              | Luxardo       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Light Rum",
  "1.5 oz Fresh Pineapple Juice",
  " 0.25 oz Grenadine",
  "1 barspoon Maraschino Liqueur "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/mary_pickford.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Mary Pickford"
categories: [cocktail]
eras: [prohibition]
permalink: "/recipe/mary_pickford/"
iconfile: mary_pickford
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum, Maraschino Liqueur"
youtube: "TGJZv0FTjk8"
description: "A classic Prohibition-era cocktail named for the silent film star, featuring a tropical blend of white rum, pineapple juice, and grenadine."
excerpt: |
  The Mary Pickford is a classic cocktail named after the famous silent film actress. It is a Prohibition-era cocktail that's made with: white rum, fresh pineapple juice, grenadine, and maraschino liqueur.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Original

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand             |
| ---------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Light Rum                                       | Real McCoy 3 Year |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Fresh Pineapple Juice                           |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">1 barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">2 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">3 barspoons</span>| Maraschino Liqueur                              | Luxardo           |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Updated

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                      | Brand         |
| ---------: | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Light Rum                                       | Probitas      |
|     <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Fresh Pineapple Juice                           |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Grenadine]({%link recipe_processed/grenadine_syrup.md%}) |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Allspice Dram                                   | St. Elizabeth |
| <span class="onex active">1 barspoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> barspoons</span> <span class="twox">2 barspoons</span> <span class="threex">3 barspoons</span>| Maraschino Liqueur                              | Luxardo       |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: None

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Light Rum",
  "1.5 oz Fresh Pineapple Juice",
  " 0.25 oz Grenadine",
  "1 barspoon Maraschino Liqueur "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple fronds and cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
