recipe_processed/mojito.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Mojito"
categories: [fizz]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/mojito/"
iconfile: mojito
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum "
youtube: "KMypSCazyRw"
excerpt: |
  The Mojito might be the perfect cocktail. With mint, simple syrup and white rum, the classic Mojito is easy to make and always refreshing.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Fast

### Ingredients

|          Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                 |
| --------------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|            <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Light Rum                                                | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|         <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                         |
|          <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">10 to 12 leaves </span> <span class="onehalfx">15 to 18 leaves </span> <span class="twox">20 to 24 leaves </span> <span class="threex">30 to 36 leaves </span>| Mint                                                     |
|       <span class="onex active">3 to 5 oz  / 75 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 to 10 oz  / 150 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 to 15 oz  / 225 to 375 ml</span>| Soda Water                                               |

### Notes

-
- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Mint Sprig Special
- Prep: Add mint leaves to the glass and bruise them gently with a barspoon. Pull them up the side of the glass to coat the glass with the essential oils. Add ice, and pour in the cocktail. Top with soda water.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Slow

### Ingredients

|          Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                 |
| --------------: | ------------------ | --------------------- |
|            <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Rum                | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Lime               |
|    <span class="onex active">1 tablespoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tablespoons</span> <span class="twox">2 tablespoons</span> <span class="threex">3 tablespoons</span>| Raw Demerara Sugar |
| <span class="onex active">10 to 12 leaves </span> <span class="onehalfx">15 to 18 leaves </span> <span class="twox">20 to 24 leaves </span> <span class="threex">30 to 36 leaves </span>| Mint               |
|       <span class="onex active">3 to 5 oz  / 75 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 to 10 oz  / 150 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 to 15 oz  / 225 to 375 ml</span>| Soda Water         |

### Notes

-
- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Mint Sprig
- Special Prep: Add mint leaves and sugar to the glass and bruise the mint gently with a barspoon. Pull the mint up the side of the glass to coat the glass with the essential oils. Cut the half lime into 4 wedges. Add the wedges to the glass and use a muddler to extrace the juice from the lime without destroying the mint. Add ice, and pour in the rum. Top with soda water.

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 2 oz Light Rum ",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lime Juice",
  " 0.5 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  "10 to 12 leaves Mint",
  "3 to 5 oz Soda Water"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "-"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Mint Sprig Special"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Prep: Add mint leaves to the glass and bruise them gently with a barspoon. Pull them up the side of the glass to coat the glass with the essential oils. Add ice, and pour in the cocktail. Top with soda water."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/mojito.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Mojito"
categories: [fizz]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/mojito/"
iconfile: mojito
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum "
youtube: "KMypSCazyRw"
description: "A classic and refreshing Cuban highball, celebrated for its vibrant mix of white rum, fresh mint, lime, sugar, and soda water."
excerpt: |
  The Mojito might be the perfect cocktail. With mint, simple syrup and white rum, the classic Mojito is easy to make and always refreshing.
---

<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Fast

### Ingredients

|          Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                 |
| --------------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|            <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Light Rum                                                | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|         <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lime Juice                                         |
|          <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">10 to 12 leaves </span> <span class="onehalfx">15 to 18 leaves </span> <span class="twox">20 to 24 leaves </span> <span class="threex">30 to 36 leaves </span>| Mint                                                     |
|       <span class="onex active">3 to 5 oz  / 75 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 to 10 oz  / 150 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 to 15 oz  / 225 to 375 ml</span>| Soda Water                                               |

### Notes

-
- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Mint Sprig Special
- Prep: Add mint leaves to the glass and bruise them gently with a barspoon. Pull them up the side of the glass to coat the glass with the essential oils. Add ice, and pour in the cocktail. Top with soda water.

</div>
<div class="subrecipe" markdown="1">

## Slow

### Ingredients

|          Amount | Ingredient         | Brand                 |
| --------------: | ------------------ | --------------------- |
|            <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Rum                | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|       <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Lime               |
|    <span class="onex active">1 tablespoons</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> tablespoons</span> <span class="twox">2 tablespoons</span> <span class="threex">3 tablespoons</span>| Raw Demerara Sugar |
| <span class="onex active">10 to 12 leaves </span> <span class="onehalfx">15 to 18 leaves </span> <span class="twox">20 to 24 leaves </span> <span class="threex">30 to 36 leaves </span>| Mint               |
|       <span class="onex active">3 to 5 oz  / 75 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 to 10 oz  / 150 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 to 15 oz  / 225 to 375 ml</span>| Soda Water         |

### Notes

-
- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware:
- Garnish: Mint Sprig
- Special Prep: Add mint leaves and sugar to the glass and bruise the mint gently with a barspoon. Pull the mint up the side of the glass to coat the glass with the essential oils. Cut the half lime into 4 wedges. Add the wedges to the glass and use a muddler to extrace the juice from the lime without destroying the mint. Add ice, and pour in the rum. Top with soda water.

</div>

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 2 oz Light Rum ",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lime Juice",
  " 0.5 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  "10 to 12 leaves Mint",
  "3 to 5 oz Soda Water"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "-"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Mint Sprig Special"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Prep: Add mint leaves to the glass and bruise them gently with a barspoon. Pull them up the side of the glass to coat the glass with the essential oils. Add ice, and pour in the cocktail. Top with soda water."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
