recipe_processed/neptunes_wrath.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
creator: Toby Maloney
title: "Neptune's Wrath"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/neptunes_wrath/"
iconfile: neptunes_wrath
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Absinthe, Green Chartreuse"
youtube: "eoMchfbaVPw"
excerpt: |
  Adapted from a recipe created circa 2007 by Toby Maloney at The Violet Hour in Chicago. The foaming surface, green hue of the absinthe and flaming Chartreuse represents Neptune expressing his fury with a dangerously rough sea.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Gin                                                       | Plymouth         |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Absinthe                                                  | Pernod           |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Egg White                                                 |                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Green Chartreuse                                          | Green Chartreuse |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Flaming Green Chartreuse
- Special Prep:
  - Add all ingredients, but the Green Chartreuse, to the cocktail shaker.
  - Strain cocktail into the glass.
  - Light the Green Chartreuse on fire in the jigger, and float on top of the cocktail
  - For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Gin",
  "0.25 oz Absinthe ",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  "0.75 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "0.75 oz Egg White",
  "0.25 oz Green Chartreuse "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Flaming Green Chartreuse"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Add all ingredients, but the Green Chartreuse, to the cocktail shaker."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Strain cocktail into the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Light the Green Chartreuse on fire in the jigger, and float on top of the cocktail"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/neptunes_wrath.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
creator: Toby Maloney
title: "Neptune's Wrath"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/neptunes_wrath/"
iconfile: neptunes_wrath
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Absinthe, Green Chartreuse"
youtube: "eoMchfbaVPw"
description: "A visually dramatic modern sour that represents the fury of the sea with its green hue from absinthe and a flaming Chartreuse float."
excerpt: |
  Adapted from a recipe created circa 2007 by Toby Maloney at The Violet Hour in Chicago. The foaming surface, green hue of the absinthe and flaming Chartreuse represents Neptune expressing his fury with a dangerously rough sea.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand            |
| ------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Gin                                                       | Plymouth         |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Absinthe                                                  | Pernod           |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Egg White                                                 |                  |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Green Chartreuse                                          | Green Chartreuse |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Flaming Green Chartreuse
- Special Prep:
  - Add all ingredients, but the Green Chartreuse, to the cocktail shaker.
  - Strain cocktail into the glass.
  - Light the Green Chartreuse on fire in the jigger, and float on top of the cocktail
  - For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Gin",
  "0.25 oz Absinthe ",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  "0.75 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "0.75 oz Egg White",
  "0.25 oz Green Chartreuse "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Flaming Green Chartreuse"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Add all ingredients, but the Green Chartreuse, to the cocktail shaker."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Strain cocktail into the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Light the Green Chartreuse on fire in the jigger, and float on top of the cocktail"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - For best results in texture, dry shake (shake without ice) before chilling to agitate either the egg white or aquafaba."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
