recipe_processed/old_fashioned.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Old Fashioned"
eras: [classic]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/old_fashioned/"
iconfile: old_fashioned
stars: 3.25
base_spirits: "Bourbon"
youtube: "pdcrJ5V7YKM"
excerpt: |
  The Old Fashioned is arguably the most well-known whiskey cocktail in the world. Essentially just a slug of bourbon that’s been lightly sweetened with sugar and modified with a couple dashes of bitters, it’s dead simple to make, but within this basic template is a world of opinions and flavor.<br><br>

  The Old Fashioned as we know it comes from an early mixed drink simply called the Whiskey Cocktail, thought to be popularized in the late 1700s when it was fashionable to add a few dashes of bitters to a glass of whiskey. The cocktail’s creation goes hand in hand with the proliferation of both whiskey and commercial bitters, an aromatic ingredient with medicinal origins that involved steeping herbs, barks, botanicals, and other plant extracts in spirits to create a curative that could be mixed with water or other ingredients, often to aid in digestion.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                         |
| -------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Bourbon                                                  | Colonel E.H. Taylor 100 Proof |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">4 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 dashes</span> <span class="twox">8 dashes</span> <span class="threex">12 dashes</span>| Bitters                                                  | Angostura Aromatic Bitters    |
|  <span class="onex active">1 wedge </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> wedge </span> <span class="twox">2 wedge </span> <span class="threex">3 wedge </span>| Orange Wedge                                             |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Orange Zest and a Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep: On the rocks

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Bourbon ",
  " 0.25 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  "4 dashes Bitters ",
  " 1 wedge Orange Wedge"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Large Ice cube"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange Zest and a Cocktail Cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: On the rocks"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/old_fashioned.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Old Fashioned"
eras: [classic]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/old_fashioned/"
iconfile: old_fashioned
stars: 3.25
base_spirits: "Bourbon"
youtube: "pdcrJ5V7YKM"
description: "Arguably the original cocktail, this is a timeless classic made by lightly sweetening a spirit (typically bourbon or rye) with sugar and seasoning it with bitters."
excerpt: |
  The Old Fashioned is arguably the most well-known whiskey cocktail in the world. Essentially just a slug of bourbon that’s been lightly sweetened with sugar and modified with a couple dashes of bitters, it’s dead simple to make, but within this basic template is a world of opinions and flavor.<br><br>

  The Old Fashioned as we know it comes from an early mixed drink simply called the Whiskey Cocktail, thought to be popularized in the late 1700s when it was fashionable to add a few dashes of bitters to a glass of whiskey. The cocktail’s creation goes hand in hand with the proliferation of both whiskey and commercial bitters, an aromatic ingredient with medicinal origins that involved steeping herbs, barks, botanicals, and other plant extracts in spirits to create a curative that could be mixed with water or other ingredients, often to aid in digestion.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                         |
| -------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Bourbon                                                  | Colonel E.H. Taylor 100 Proof |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">4 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 dashes</span> <span class="twox">8 dashes</span> <span class="threex">12 dashes</span>| Bitters                                                  | Angostura Aromatic Bitters    |
|  <span class="onex active">1 wedge </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> wedge </span> <span class="twox">2 wedge </span> <span class="threex">3 wedge </span>| Orange Wedge                                             |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Orange Zest and a Cocktail Cherry
- Special Prep: On the rocks

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Bourbon ",
  " 0.25 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  "4 dashes Bitters ",
  " 1 wedge Orange Wedge"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Large Ice cube"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange Zest and a Cocktail Cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: On the rocks"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
