recipe_processed/pina_colada.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Piña Colada"
categories: [tiki]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/pina_colada/"
iconfile: pina_colada
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum "
youtube: "eH9yt9JpXXk&t=6s"
excerpt: |
  The Piña Colada is a classic tropical cocktail that is loved by many for its sweet and refreshing flavor. It is made with rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut, and is typically served blended with ice or shaken with ice and strained.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                 |
| ---------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|       <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Light Rum                                                     | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|       <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe_processed/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |
|       <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Coconut Milk                                                  |
|       <span class="onex active">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">9 oz  / 225 ml</span> <span class="twox">12 oz  / 300 ml</span> <span class="threex">18 oz  / 450 ml</span>| Fresh Pineapple Juice                                         |
| <span class="onex active">8 to 10 oz  / 200 to 250 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">12 to 15 oz  / 300 to 375 ml</span> <span class="twox">16 to 20 oz  / 400 to 500 ml</span> <span class="threex">24 to 30 oz  / 600 to 750 ml</span>| Crushed Ice                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large glass
- Garnish: Pineapple pieces, pineapple fronds and cocktail cherries
- Special Prep: Use an emersion blender directly in the shaker tin. Blend intill frothy.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Light Rum",
  "1 oz Cream of Coconut",
  "1 oz Coconut Milk ",
  "6 oz Fresh Pineapple Juice",
  "8 to 10 oz Crushed Ice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Blended"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Large glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple pieces, pineapple fronds and cocktail cherries"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Use an emersion blender directly in the shaker tin. Blend intill frothy."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/pina_colada.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Piña Colada"
categories: [tiki]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/pina_colada/"
iconfile: pina_colada
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Light Rum "
youtube: "eH9yt9JpXXk&t=6s"
description: "A classic sweet and refreshing tropical tiki cocktail made with rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut."
excerpt: |
  The Piña Colada is a classic tropical cocktail that is loved by many for its sweet and refreshing flavor. It is made with rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut, and is typically served blended with ice or shaken with ice and strained.
---

### Ingredients

|     Amount | Ingredient                                                    | Brand                 |
| ---------: | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
|       <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Light Rum                                                     | The Real McCoy 3 Year |
|       <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Cream of Coconut]({%link recipe_processed/cream_of_coconut_syrup.md%}) |
|       <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Coconut Milk                                                  |
|       <span class="onex active">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">9 oz  / 225 ml</span> <span class="twox">12 oz  / 300 ml</span> <span class="threex">18 oz  / 450 ml</span>| Fresh Pineapple Juice                                         |
| <span class="onex active">8 to 10 oz  / 200 to 250 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">12 to 15 oz  / 300 to 375 ml</span> <span class="twox">16 to 20 oz  / 400 to 500 ml</span> <span class="threex">24 to 30 oz  / 600 to 750 ml</span>| Crushed Ice                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large glass
- Garnish: Pineapple pieces, pineapple fronds and cocktail cherries
- Special Prep: Use an emersion blender directly in the shaker tin. Blend intill frothy.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Light Rum",
  "1 oz Cream of Coconut",
  "1 oz Coconut Milk ",
  "6 oz Fresh Pineapple Juice",
  "8 to 10 oz Crushed Ice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Blended"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Large glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Pineapple pieces, pineapple fronds and cocktail cherries"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Use an emersion blender directly in the shaker tin. Blend intill frothy."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
