recipe_processed/quarter_century.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Quarter Century"
eras: [anders]
categories: [campari, champagne]
permalink: "/recipe/quarter_century/"
iconfile: quarter_century
stars: 3.5
base_spirits: "Campari, Apricot Liqueur, Absinthe"
youtube: "S7DGgeFsjyE"
excerpt: |
  This is an Anders Erickson original cocktail created for New Year's Day, 2025.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient      | Brand                          |
| ------------: | --------------- | ------------------------------ |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Campari         | Campari                        |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Apricot Liqueur | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon  |
| <span class="onex active">1 to 2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">2 to 4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">3 to 6 dashes</span>| Absinthe        | St. George                     |
|          <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Champagne       | Albrecht Cremant D’Alsace Brut |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil
- Special Prep: Pour cocktail into the coupe and top with champagne. Then express the lemon oil over the top of the cocktail.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 0.5 oz Campari",
  " 0.5 oz Apricot Liqueur",
  "1 to 2 dashes Absinthe ",
  " 4 oz Champagne"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Pour cocktail into the coupe and top with champagne. Then express the lemon oil over the top of the cocktail."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/quarter_century.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Quarter Century"
eras: [anders]
categories: [campari, champagne]
permalink: "/recipe/quarter_century/"
iconfile: quarter_century
stars: 3.5
base_spirits: "Campari, Apricot Liqueur, Absinthe"
youtube: "S7DGgeFsjyE"
description: "An original sparkling cocktail that combines the bittersweet notes of Campari and apricot liqueur with a hint of absinthe."
excerpt: |
  This is an Anders Erickson original cocktail created for New Year's Day, 2025.
---

### Ingredients

|        Amount | Ingredient      | Brand                          |
| ------------: | --------------- | ------------------------------ |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Campari         | Campari                        |
|        <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Apricot Liqueur | Giffard Abricot du Roussillon  |
| <span class="onex active">1 to 2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> to 3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">2 to 4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">3 to 6 dashes</span>| Absinthe        | St. George                     |
|          <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Champagne       | Albrecht Cremant D’Alsace Brut |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil
- Special Prep: Pour cocktail into the coupe and top with champagne. Then express the lemon oil over the top of the cocktail.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 0.5 oz Campari",
  " 0.5 oz Apricot Liqueur",
  "1 to 2 dashes Absinthe ",
  " 4 oz Champagne"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Expressed lemon oil"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Pour cocktail into the coupe and top with champagne. Then express the lemon oil over the top of the cocktail."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
