recipe_processed/rum_tea_toddy.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Rum & Black Tea Toddy"
categories: [toddy]
eras: [classic, modern]
permalink: "/recipe/rum_tea_toddy/"
iconfile: rum_tea_toddy
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum"
youtube: "DJtBN6yBnsA"
excerpt: |
  The classic hot toddy is a comforting and warming beverage that has been used for centuries to soothe ailments and warm the soul.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                   |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Jamaican Rum                                             | Appleton Estate 12 Year |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
| <span class="onex active">4 to 5 oz  / 100 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 150 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 to 10 oz  / 200 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 to 15 oz  / 300 to 375 ml</span>| Black Tea                                                |
|   <span class="onex active">1 stick </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> stick </span> <span class="twox">2 stick </span> <span class="threex">3 stick </span>| Cinnamon                                                 |
|   <span class="onex active">4 whole </span> <span class="onehalfx">6 whole </span> <span class="twox">8 whole </span> <span class="threex">12 whole </span>| Cloves                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Mug
- Garnish: Clove-studded lemon peel
- Special Prep: Express the lemon oil over the drink, then stud the peel with the cloves

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Jamaican Rum",
  " 0.5 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  " .25 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  "4 to 5 oz Black Tea ",
  "1 stick Cinnamon",
  "4 whole Cloves"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in the Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Mug"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Clove-studded lemon peel"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express the lemon oil over the drink, then stud the peel with the cloves"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/rum_tea_toddy.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Rum & Black Tea Toddy"
categories: [toddy]
eras: [classic, modern]
permalink: "/recipe/rum_tea_toddy/"
iconfile: rum_tea_toddy
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum"
youtube: "DJtBN6yBnsA"
description: "A comforting and classic hot toddy that combines the warmth of Jamaican rum with black tea."
excerpt: |
  The classic hot toddy is a comforting and warming beverage that has been used for centuries to soothe ailments and warm the soul.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand                   |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|    <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Jamaican Rum                                             | Appleton Estate 12 Year |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
| <span class="onex active">4 to 5 oz  / 100 to 125 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 to 7 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 150 to 188 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 to 10 oz  / 200 to 250 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 to 15 oz  / 300 to 375 ml</span>| Black Tea                                                |
|   <span class="onex active">1 stick </span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> stick </span> <span class="twox">2 stick </span> <span class="threex">3 stick </span>| Cinnamon                                                 |
|   <span class="onex active">4 whole </span> <span class="onehalfx">6 whole </span> <span class="twox">8 whole </span> <span class="threex">12 whole </span>| Cloves                                                   |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Mug
- Garnish: Clove-studded lemon peel
- Special Prep: Express the lemon oil over the drink, then stud the peel with the cloves

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Jamaican Rum",
  " 0.5 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  " .25 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  "4 to 5 oz Black Tea ",
  "1 stick Cinnamon",
  "4 whole Cloves"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in the Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Mug"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Clove-studded lemon peel"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express the lemon oil over the drink, then stud the peel with the cloves"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
