recipe_processed/sangria.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sangria"
eras: [classic]
categories: [punch]
permalink: "/recipe/sangria/"
iconfile: sangria
stars: 4.5
base_spirits: "Red Wine, Oloroso Sherry, Grand Marnier "
youtube: "NNI--bxevNo"
excerpt: |
  A punch, sangria traditionally consists of red wine and chopped fruit, often with other ingredients or spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand           |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Orange                                                   |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Lemon                                                    |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Apple                                                    |
|      <span class="onex active">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 oz  / 225 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|      <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|      <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Grand Marnier                                            | Grand Marnier   |
|      <span class="onex active">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">9 oz  / 225 ml</span> <span class="twox">12 oz  / 300 ml</span> <span class="threex">18 oz  / 450 ml</span>| Olorosso Sherry                                          | Lustau Don Nuño |
|    <span class="onex active">25 oz / 750 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">37 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz / 1125 ml</span> <span class="twox">50 oz / 1500 ml</span> <span class="threex">75 oz / 2250 ml</span>| Red Wine Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages                 |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Soda Water (Optional)                                    |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Pitcher
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the pitcher
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Soaked fruit
- Special Prep: Top glasses with soda water

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.5 whole Orange",
  "0.5 whole Lemon ",
  "0.5 whole Apple ",
  " 3 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  " 4 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  " 4 oz Grand Marnier ",
  " 6 oz Olorosso Sherry ",
  " 750 ml Red Wine Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages",
  " 0.5 oz Soda Water (Optional) "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in the Pitcher"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the pitcher"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Soaked fruit"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Top glasses with soda water"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/sangria.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sangria"
eras: [classic]
categories: [punch]
permalink: "/recipe/sangria/"
iconfile: sangria
stars: 4.5
base_spirits: "Red Wine, Oloroso Sherry, Grand Marnier "
youtube: "NNI--bxevNo"
description: "A classic and festive Spanish punch, traditionally consisting of red wine, sherry, and chopped fruit, often with other spirits."
excerpt: |
  A punch, sangria traditionally consists of red wine and chopped fruit, often with other ingredients or spirits.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                               | Brand           |
| --------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Orange                                                   |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Lemon                                                    |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> whole </span> <span class="twox">1 whole </span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> whole </span>| Apple                                                    |
|      <span class="onex active">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">9 oz  / 225 ml</span>| [Rich Demerara Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/demerara_syrup.md%}) |
|      <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                        |
|      <span class="onex active">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="twox">8 oz  / 200 ml</span> <span class="threex">12 oz  / 300 ml</span>| Grand Marnier                                            | Grand Marnier   |
|      <span class="onex active">6 oz  / 150 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">9 oz  / 225 ml</span> <span class="twox">12 oz  / 300 ml</span> <span class="threex">18 oz  / 450 ml</span>| Olorosso Sherry                                          | Lustau Don Nuño |
|    <span class="onex active">25 oz / 750 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">37 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz / 1125 ml</span> <span class="twox">50 oz / 1500 ml</span> <span class="threex">75 oz / 2250 ml</span>| Red Wine Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages                 |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Soda Water (Optional)                                    |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the Pitcher
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the pitcher
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Soaked fruit
- Special Prep: Top glasses with soda water

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.5 whole Orange",
  "0.5 whole Lemon ",
  "0.5 whole Apple ",
  " 3 oz Rich Demerara Syrup",
  " 4 oz Fresh Lemon Juice ",
  " 4 oz Grand Marnier ",
  " 6 oz Olorosso Sherry ",
  " 750 ml Red Wine Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages",
  " 0.5 oz Soda Water (Optional) "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in the Pitcher"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the pitcher"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Soaked fruit"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Top glasses with soda water"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
