recipe_processed/saturn.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Saturn"
eras: [modern]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/saturn/"
iconfile: saturn
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin"
youtube: "q060mzbSrco"
excerpt: |
  California bartender  J. “Popo” Galsini introduced the Saturn to the world in 1967 when he won the International Bartender’s Association World Championship with it. Originally he titled his gin creation the X-15 after an American rocket plane, but shortly after doing so one of those planes crashed, killing its pilot. Reportedly, Galsini changed the name of the drink to the Saturn for the competition, in honor of the Saturn rocket that propelled the first Apollo rocket flight into space, months after the fateful X-15 crash.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                | Brand                   |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Gin                                       | Beefeater               |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Orgeat]({%link recipe_processed/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Passion Fruit Syrup                       |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Falernum                                  | John D. Taylor’s Velvet |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                         |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large Glass
- Garnish: Cherry and lemon peel made to look like Saturn with a ring
- Special Prep:
  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin.
  - Pour cocktail into glass.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Gin",
  " 0.5 oz Orgeat",
  "0.25 oz Passion Fruit Syrup",
  "0.25 oz Falernum ",
  " 0.5 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Blended"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Large Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Cherry and lemon peel made to look like Saturn with a ring"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Pour cocktail into glass."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/saturn.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Saturn"
eras: [modern]
categories: [tiki]
permalink: "/recipe/saturn/"
iconfile: saturn
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin"
youtube: "q060mzbSrco"
description: "An award-winning tiki classic from 1967 that uniquely uses gin as its base, flavored with passion fruit, falernum, and orgeat."
excerpt: |
  California bartender  J. “Popo” Galsini introduced the Saturn to the world in 1967 when he won the International Bartender’s Association World Championship with it. Originally he titled his gin creation the X-15 after an American rocket plane, but shortly after doing so one of those planes crashed, killing its pilot. Reportedly, Galsini changed the name of the drink to the Saturn for the competition, in honor of the Saturn rocket that propelled the first Apollo rocket flight into space, months after the fateful X-15 crash.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient                                | Brand                   |
| ------: | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Gin                                       | Beefeater               |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Orgeat]({%link recipe_processed/orgeat_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Passion Fruit Syrup                       |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 6 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 9 ml</span> <span class="twox"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="threex"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span>| Falernum                                  | John D. Taylor’s Velvet |
|  <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                         |

### Notes

- Method: Blended
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware: Large Glass
- Garnish: Cherry and lemon peel made to look like Saturn with a ring
- Special Prep:
  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin.
  - Pour cocktail into glass.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Gin",
  " 0.5 oz Orgeat",
  "0.25 oz Passion Fruit Syrup",
  "0.25 oz Falernum ",
  " 0.5 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Blended"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Large Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Cherry and lemon peel made to look like Saturn with a ring"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Blend cocktail with a stick blender in the shaking tin."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Pour cocktail into glass."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
