recipe_processed/semester_abroad.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Semester Abroad"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/semester_abroad/"
iconfile: semester_abroad
stars: 0
base_spirits: ['Rye', 'Fernet Branca']
youtube: "mBGgu3qRztY"
description: "An original cocktail that is a pretty and flavorful variation on the Cape Codder."
excerpt: |
  A pretty cocktail, variation on the Cape Codder.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                  |
| -----: | -------------- | ---------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 60 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 90 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 120 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 180 ml</span>| Rye [&#9432;](/spirit/rye "More Rye recipes")            | Old Forester 100 Proof |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 30 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 45 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 60 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 90 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao | Marie Brizard          |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 15 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 23 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 30 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 45 ml</span>| Fernet Branca [&#9432;](/spirit/fernet_branca "More Fernet Branca recipes")  | Fernet Branca          |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Orange zest
- Special Prep: Express orange oil over the cocktail.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " ",
  "1 oz Orange Curaçao",
  " "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange zest"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express orange oil over the cocktail."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {% include category_metadata.html %}, {% include spirits_metadata.html %}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Update semester_abroad info; remove banana liqueur
Replace Semester Abroad YouTube ID and expand its description and excerpt to better describe the rye + orange curaçao + Fernet‑Branca build (applied to both recipe and recipe_processed files). Also update processed strawberry_daiquiri to remove 'Banana Liqueur' from base_spirits (now only Gold Rum).

recipe_processed/semester_abroad.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Semester Abroad"
eras: [anders]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/semester_abroad/"
iconfile: semester_abroad
stars: 0
base_spirits: ['Rye', 'Fernet Branca']
youtube: "JIQ_UNrQZR8"
description: "It’s a simple three-ingredient build of rye whiskey, orange curaçao, and Fernet-Branca, but the result is rich and aromatic."
excerpt: |
  If you like stirred whiskey cocktails like a Manhattan or Toronto, this one's for you. It’s a simple three-ingredient build of rye whiskey, orange curaçao, and Fernet-Branca, but the result is rich and aromatic.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                  |
| -----: | -------------- | ---------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 60 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 90 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 120 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 180 ml</span>| Rye [&#9432;](/spirit/rye "More Rye recipes")            | Old Forester 100 Proof |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 30 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 45 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 60 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 90 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao | Marie Brizard          |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 15 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 23 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 30 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 45 ml</span>| Fernet Branca [&#9432;](/spirit/fernet_branca "More Fernet Branca recipes")  | Fernet Branca          |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: Orange zest
- Special Prep: Express orange oil over the cocktail.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " ",
  "1 oz Orange Curaçao",
  " "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Orange zest"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express orange oil over the cocktail."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {% include category_metadata.html %}, {% include spirits_metadata.html %}"
}
</script>
