recipe_processed/shanghai_gin.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
title: "Shanghai Gin"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/shanghai_gin/"
iconfile: shanghai_gin
stars: 4.25
base_spirits: "Gin, Yellow Chartreuse, Bénédictine"
youtube: "6OApD96Wn_M"
excerpt: |
  The Shanghai Gin was first created at a Vietnamese restaurant in San Francisco called The Slanted Door.  A yet-to-be-named bartender found the recipe for a drink called "Shanghai Gin Fizz" in some old bar manual (nobody knows what book it was). Apparently the book was not that interesting but this one cocktail piqued his interest and he set about reconstructing it.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient        | Brand             |
| ------: | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Gin               | Beefeaters        |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM   |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.75 oz Gin",
  "0.75 oz Yellow Chartreuse",
  "0.75 oz Bénédictine",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/shanghai_gin.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
title: "Shanghai Gin"
categories: [sour]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/shanghai_gin/"
iconfile: shanghai_gin
stars: 4.25
base_spirits: "Gin, Yellow Chartreuse, Bénédictine"
youtube: "6OApD96Wn_M"
description: "A modern sour featuring a complex combination of gin, yellow Chartreuse, Bénédictine, and lemon."
excerpt: |
  The Shanghai Gin was first created at a Vietnamese restaurant in San Francisco called The Slanted Door.  A yet-to-be-named bartender found the recipe for a drink called "Shanghai Gin Fizz" in some old bar manual (nobody knows what book it was). Apparently the book was not that interesting but this one cocktail piqued his interest and he set about reconstructing it.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient        | Brand             |
| ------: | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Gin               | Beefeaters        |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Yellow Chartreuse | Yellow Chartreuse |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Bénédictine       | Bénédictine DOM   |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Nick & Nora
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.75 oz Gin",
  "0.75 oz Yellow Chartreuse",
  "0.75 oz Bénédictine",
  "0.75 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Nick & Nora"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
