recipe_processed/sidecar.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sidecar"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/sidecar/"
iconfile: sidecar
stars: 3
base_spirits: Cognac
youtube: "re76GCUoiH4"
youtube_embed: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/re76GCUoiH4?si=EMdqje_4KECcUOJA"
excerpt: |
  The Sidecar is a classic cocktail that has been enjoyed for over a century. It's a simple yet elegant drink that combines the flavors of cognac, orange liqueur, and lemon juice.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient        | Brand             |
| -----: | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Cognac            | Maison Rouge VSOP |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Dry Curaçao       | Pierre Ferrand    |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice |                   |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Sugared Rim

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Cognac ",
  "1 oz Dry Curaçao",
  "0.5 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Sugared Rim"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/sidecar.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Sidecar"
categories: [sour]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/sidecar/"
iconfile: sidecar
stars: 3
base_spirits: Cognac
youtube: "re76GCUoiH4"
youtube_embed: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/re76GCUoiH4?si=EMdqje_4KECcUOJA"
description: "A classic and elegant sour from the early 20th century, combining the rich flavors of cognac, orange liqueur, and lemon juice."
excerpt: |
  The Sidecar is a classic cocktail that has been enjoyed for over a century. It's a simple yet elegant drink that combines the flavors of cognac, orange liqueur, and lemon juice.
---

### Ingredients

| Amount | Ingredient        | Brand             |
| -----: | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Cognac            | Maison Rouge VSOP |
|   <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Dry Curaçao       | Pierre Ferrand    |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice |                   |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware: Coupe
- Garnish: None
- Special Prep: Sugared Rim

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "1.5 oz Cognac ",
  "1 oz Dry Curaçao",
  "0.5 oz Fresh Lemon Juice"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coupe"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: None"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Sugared Rim"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
