recipe_processed/spanish_coffee.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Spanish Coffee"
eras: [classic]
categories: [after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/spanish_coffee/"
iconfile: spanish_coffee
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Overproof Jamaican Rum, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "p3X7_-TVIDs"
excerpt: |
  Or 'carajillo', is a coffee drink enjoyed throughout many Spanish-speaking countries. It's made with booze — usually rum, brandy or Licor 43.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                 |
| --------: | -------------- | --------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Overproof Rum  | Hamilton 151 Demerara |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Coffee Liqueur | St. George NOLA       |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao | Marie Brizard         |
| <span class="onex active">2 to 3 oz  / 50 to 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 to 4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 75 to 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 to 6 oz  / 100 to 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 to 9 oz  / 150 to 225 ml</span>| Hot Coffee     |                       |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Coffee Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg & burnt sugared rim
- Special Prep:
  - Sugar the rim of the glass.
  - Add the overproof rum to the glass.
  - Light it on fire.
  - Extinguish the flames when the sugar is caramelized.
  - Add the remaining ingredients to the glass.
  - Top with lightly whipped heavy cream

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.75 oz Overproof Rum ",
  " 1 oz Coffee Liqueur",
  " 0.5 oz Orange Curaçao",
  "2 to 3 oz Hot Coffee"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in the glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coffee Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grated nutmeg & burnt sugared rim"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Sugar the rim of the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Add the overproof rum to the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Light it on fire."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Extinguish the flames when the sugar is caramelized."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Add the remaining ingredients to the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Top with lightly whipped heavy cream"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/spanish_coffee.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "Spanish Coffee"
eras: [classic]
categories: [after_dinner]
permalink: "/recipe/spanish_coffee/"
iconfile: spanish_coffee
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Overproof Jamaican Rum, Coffee Liqueur"
youtube: "p3X7_-TVIDs"
description: "A classic after-dinner drink, also known as a carajillo, made with coffee and a spirit—usually rum, brandy, or Licor 43."
excerpt: |
  Or 'carajillo', is a coffee drink enjoyed throughout many Spanish-speaking countries. It's made with booze — usually rum, brandy or Licor 43.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient     | Brand                 |
| --------: | -------------- | --------------------- |
|   <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Overproof Rum  | Hamilton 151 Demerara |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Coffee Liqueur | St. George NOLA       |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| Orange Curaçao | Marie Brizard         |
| <span class="onex active">2 to 3 oz  / 50 to 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 to 4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 75 to 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 to 6 oz  / 100 to 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 to 9 oz  / 150 to 225 ml</span>| Hot Coffee     |                       |

### Notes

- Method: Build in the glass
- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass
- Glassware: Coffee Glass
- Garnish: Grated nutmeg & burnt sugared rim
- Special Prep:
  - Sugar the rim of the glass.
  - Add the overproof rum to the glass.
  - Light it on fire.
  - Extinguish the flames when the sugar is caramelized.
  - Add the remaining ingredients to the glass.
  - Top with lightly whipped heavy cream

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "0.75 oz Overproof Rum ",
  " 1 oz Coffee Liqueur",
  " 0.5 oz Orange Curaçao",
  "2 to 3 oz Hot Coffee"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Build in the glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Add all ingredients directly to the glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware: Coffee Glass"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grated nutmeg & burnt sugared rim"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Sugar the rim of the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Add the overproof rum to the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Light it on fire."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Extinguish the flames when the sugar is caramelized."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Add the remaining ingredients to the glass."
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Top with lightly whipped heavy cream"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
