recipe_processed/tom_collins.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Tom Collins"
author: "Anders Erickson"
categories: [collins]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/tom_collins/"
iconfile: tom_collins
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Old Tom Gin "
youtube: "DKkHTEozo7o"
excerpt: |
  The classic Tom Collins is a straightforward and refreshing cocktail that combines gin with lemon juice, sugar and club soda.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand    |
| --------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
|      <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Old Tom Gin                                               | Scofflaw |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">2 to 3 oz  / 50 to 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 to 4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 75 to 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 to 6 oz  / 100 to 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 to 9 oz  / 150 to 225 ml</span>| Soda Water                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass with ice and top with soda water.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 2 oz Old Tom Gin",
  " 1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  " 0.5 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "2 to 3 oz Soda Water "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass with ice and top with soda water."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/tom_collins.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
title: "Tom Collins"
author: "Anders Erickson"
categories: [collins]
eras: [classic]
permalink: "/recipe/tom_collins/"
iconfile: tom_collins
stars: 4
base_spirits: "Old Tom Gin "
youtube: "DKkHTEozo7o"
description: "A classic and straightforwardly refreshing Collins cocktail that combines Old Tom gin with lemon juice, sugar, and club soda."
excerpt: |
  The classic Tom Collins is a straightforward and refreshing cocktail that combines gin with lemon juice, sugar and club soda.
---

### Ingredients

|    Amount | Ingredient                                                | Brand    |
| --------: | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
|      <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Old Tom Gin                                               | Scofflaw |
|      <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                         |
|    <span class="onex active"> <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 13 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="threex">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span>| [Semi-Rich Simple Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/simple_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">2 to 3 oz  / 50 to 75 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 to 4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 75 to 113 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 to 6 oz  / 100 to 150 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 to 9 oz  / 150 to 225 ml</span>| Soda Water                                                |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Double Strain
- Glassware:
  - High Ball
  - On the Rocks
- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry
- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass with ice and top with soda water.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 2 oz Old Tom Gin",
  " 1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  " 0.5 oz Semi-Rich Simple Syrup",
  "2 to 3 oz Soda Water "
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Double Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - High Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - On the Rocks"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Lemon wheel and cocktail cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Add cocktail to the glass with ice and top with soda water."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
