recipe_processed/trader_vics_grog.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
creator: Trader Vic Bergeron
title: "Trader Vic's Grog"
categories: [grog, tiki]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/trader_vics_grog/"
iconfile: trader_vics_grog
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum"
youtube: "3Nl9aWKvwmw"
excerpt: |
  Trader Vic's Grog is a tiki cocktail that originated from the Navy Grog, a rum drink created by Donn Beach. Trader Vic Bergeron, the founder of the Trader Vic's chain, reimagined the Navy Grog.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                              | Brand                       |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Jamaica Rum                                                             | Coruba                      |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                                       |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Pineapple Juice                                                         |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Passion Fruit Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/passion_fruit_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters                                                                 | Angostura Aeromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint Sprig and a cherry
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Jamaica Rum",
  "1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  "1 oz Pineapple Juice",
  "1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup",
  "2 dashes Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Crushed Ice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Mint Sprig and a cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/trader_vics_grog.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Leandro DiMonriva
creator: Trader Vic Bergeron
title: "Trader Vic's Grog"
categories: [grog, tiki]
eras: [modern]
permalink: "/recipe/trader_vics_grog/"
iconfile: trader_vics_grog
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Jamaican Rum"
youtube: "3Nl9aWKvwmw"
description: "A classic tiki grog from Trader Vic Bergeron, this is a reimagining of the Navy Grog with a distinct rum and citrus profile."
excerpt: |
  Trader Vic's Grog is a tiki cocktail that originated from the Navy Grog, a rum drink created by Donn Beach. Trader Vic Bergeron, the founder of the Trader Vic's chain, reimagined the Navy Grog.
---

### Ingredients

|   Amount | Ingredient                                                              | Brand                       |
| -------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |
|     <span class="onex active">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="twox">4 oz  / 100 ml</span> <span class="threex">6 oz  / 150 ml</span>| Jamaica Rum                                                             | Coruba                      |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Fresh Lemon Juice                                                       |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| Pineapple Juice                                                         |
|     <span class="onex active">1 oz  / 25 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="twox">2 oz  / 50 ml</span> <span class="threex">3 oz  / 75 ml</span>| [Passion Fruit Syrup]({%link recipe_processed/passion_fruit_syrup.md%}) |
| <span class="onex active">2 dashes</span> <span class="onehalfx">3 dashes</span> <span class="twox">4 dashes</span> <span class="threex">6 dashes</span>| Bitters                                                                 | Angostura Aeromatic Bitters |

### Notes

- Method: Shaken
- Pour: Open Pour
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Crushed Ice
- Garnish: Mint Sprig and a cherry
- Special Prep: None

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  "2 oz Jamaica Rum",
  "1 oz Fresh Lemon Juice",
  "1 oz Pineapple Juice",
  "1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup",
  "2 dashes Bitters"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Shaken"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Open Pour"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Crushed Ice"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Mint Sprig and a cherry"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: None"
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
