recipe_processed/white_negroni.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "White Negroni"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/white_negroni/"
iconfile: white_negroni
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Suze, Lillet Blanc"
youtube: "fBax4HODqyA"
excerpt: |
  The White Negroni Cocktail is a Negroni riff featuring gin, Suze and Lillet Blanc. It’s light, bittersweet and floral.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient   | Brand        |
| ------: | ------------ | ------------ |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Gin          | Plymouth     |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Suze         | Suze         |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Lillet Blanc | Lillet Blanc |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Grapefruit zest
- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil on the drink.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Gin ",
  "0.75 oz Suze",
  "0.75 oz Lillet Blanc"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Large Ice cube"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grapefruit zest"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil on the drink."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>

Commit message:

Adding a short description for all cocktails

recipe_processed/white_negroni.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
author: Anders Erickson
title: "White Negroni"
eras: [modern]
categories: [cocktail]
permalink: "/recipe/white_negroni/"
iconfile: white_negroni
stars: 0
base_spirits: "Gin, Suze, Lillet Blanc"
youtube: "fBax4HODqyA"
description: "A popular and modern Negroni variation that swaps the red Campari and sweet vermouth for their lighter, floral counterparts: Suze and Lillet Blanc."
excerpt: |
  The White Negroni Cocktail is a Negroni riff featuring gin, Suze and Lillet Blanc. It’s light, bittersweet and floral.
---

### Ingredients

|  Amount | Ingredient   | Brand        |
| ------: | ------------ | ------------ |
|  <span class="onex active">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span> <span class="twox">3 oz  / 75 ml</span> <span class="threex">4 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 113 ml</span>| Gin          | Plymouth     |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Suze         | Suze         |
| <span class="onex active"> <sup>3</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 19 ml</span> <span class="onehalfx">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>8</sub> oz  / 28 ml</span> <span class="twox">1 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>2</sub> oz  / 38 ml</span> <span class="threex">2 <sup>1</sup>&frasl;<sub>4</sub> oz  / 56 ml</span>| Lillet Blanc | Lillet Blanc |

### Notes

- Method: Stirred
- Pour: Julep Strain
- Glassware:
  - Low Ball
  - Large Ice cube
- Garnish: Grapefruit zest
- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil on the drink.

    
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "Recipe",
  "author": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "{{ page.author }}"
    },
  "image": "{%- for page in page.categories limit: 1 %}{% assign cat = site.data.categories | where: "slug", page | first %}{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl}}/assets/images/category_{{cat.slug}}.svg{% endfor -%}",
  "description": "{{ page.excerpt | strip_html | replace: '"', "'" }}",
  "recipeIngredient": [
  " 1.5 oz Gin ",
  "0.75 oz Suze",
  "0.75 oz Lillet Blanc"
    ],
  "name": "{{ page.title }}",
  "recipeInstructions": [
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Method: Stirred"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Pour: Julep Strain"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Glassware:"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Low Ball"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "  - Large Ice cube"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Garnish: Grapefruit zest"
    },
    {
      "@type": "HowToStep",
      "text": "- Special Prep: Express grapefruit oil on the drink."
    }
    ],
  "recipeYield": "1 cocktail",
  "recipeCategory": "cocktail",
  {% if page.stars and site.data.ratings[page.iconfile].ratings -%}"aggregateRating": {
   "@type": "AggregateRating",
   "ratingValue": "{%- include stars_metadata.html %}",
   "bestRating": "5",
   "reviewCount": "2"},{%- endif %}
  "recipeCuisine": "global",
  "prepTime": "PT20M",
  "cookTime": "PT15S",
  "keywords": "{{ page.title }}, cocktail, {{ page.eras }}, {%- include category_metadata.html -%}, {%- include spirits_metadata.html -%}"
}
</script>
